[music] We think there's more market
return to come. That natural rotation
could actually take money back out of US
equities and lead to some [music]
weakness.
>> Valuations do feel like they've got a
little more pressure on them. The bull
market continues, but probably time for
a pause.
>> I still think there's upside.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music] Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. for our
audience worldwide. Bloomberg
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Wednesday, bold up investors
driving the S&P, NASDAQ, and Russell to
fresh record highs as two additional
tech names are breaking into the
trillion dollar club. Goldman joining a
growing list of banks upgrading the
outlook for US [music] equities. Goldman
goes to wait Kate.
>> Yeah. So, they're talking about that 17%
gain for the S&P 500 this [music] year,
joining Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank
having this type of gains. Revenge of
FOMO, the race to catch up. Essentially
saying, ignore all the bad news because
you're paid to do so because ultimately
the earnings have come in so strong that
we can't even imagine how high some of
these names can [music] get. Just to
talk about Micron, one of the stakes
joining the trillion dollar club. The
[music] increase from 500 billion to1
trillion was the fastest in history,
which gives you [music] a sense of just
how quickly people are clamoring to
catch up
>> and potentially it's going to go even
higher. The Micron [music] CEO was
recently in Washington because you know
they're expanding out to United States
in places like Syracuse in their uh in
their [music] factory in Virginia. Sat
down with Tyler Kendall, a Washington
correspondent and says sees the mer
memory shortage lasting beyond 2026.
[music]
So this might have a lot more room to
grow.
>> Amus can't keep up. Go to the ANR screen
on the Bloomberg terminal for Micron.
Not a single cell there. Struggle to
find one. But the 12-month consensus
price target below where the stock is
trading right now. Even with everyone
with a buy on a stock, analysts can't
keep up. As for Goldman, they've gone
from 7,600 to 8K. They've done what
everyone else has done. They've pointed
to earnings, fantastic earnings. But
look at the average price target on Wall
Street right now for the S&P. [music]
7500 7600 basically where we are right
now in the S&P.
>> People feel nervous and you can
understand why they feel nervous. The
potential now and increasing potential
for a rate hike at some point in the
next 12 months. the idea of Iran. Uh you
could talk about that in a second,
Emory, whether this is actually
resolved. The idea that there are all of
these black clouds on the horizon, but
none of that has mattered. And this is
sort of the key question. How do you
even assess what valuations are when
we're on a train to uncertainty, [music]
which is the future of AI, the future of
AI adoption, how quickly people need to
get some of these supplies, [music] and
how much companies like the memory chip
uh suppliers can keep jacking up prices
to the moon because of the shortages.
[music] These are some of the questions
that people haven't understand haven't
understood how to wrap their heads
around.
>> At least we'll let you have your moment
in a moment. Just hold on just one
minute. Iran doesn't matter when you see
headlines like this coming from bite
dance. The latest from the team here at
Bloomberg considering $70 billion of
capex this year, 100 [music] billion
next year. And last year that number was
25 billion. We're talking about 3x4x the
capex of the last [music] 12 months.
>> It's one thing to have FOMO if you're a
stock investor. It's another thing if
you have FOMO, if you're an [music]
actual company racing to catch up with
the technological ad advancements that
seem to be the [music] future and that
seems to be where we are and the
tolerance to finance that seems to be
incredibly robust. I was taking a look
at credit spreads yesterday saying,
can't we crack? I mean, isn't this going
to eventually crack? I was looking at
investment grade credit spreads. They
are one basis point away from the
all-time record low, at least in the uh
post 2000 era. It just [music] gives you
a sense of how far we've come.
>> Should we do crude now? Okay, we're
allowed to do crude. Brent and WTI down
this morning, [music] negative4% on WTI
just about holding on to 90. Brent crude
around 96. We were told we've got a
deal. We're still waiting for a deal.
>> We're still waiting for the deal, but
they are talking and that is a good sign
to the market. Even though we did see
skirmishes happen between [music] the
Iranian forces and US forces in the
Gulf, there's an individual that's part
of the negotiating team who said that
Iran's stockpile of the highlyenriched
uranium, quote, is not on the agenda for
talks with the US. So we're in the
situation where in order for the United
States to open up the street of Hermoose
needs [music] to give a concession on
nuclear. How are they going to do that
when that was the prime reason why the
president has told the American people
that he attacked Iran and for order for
Iran to open up the street of vermoose
they're going to want the United States
do something on nuclear. The two red
lines have not moved which is why these
negotiations might end up just dragging
on.
>> And here we are with crude lower down to
96 on Brent and equities adding to
all-time highs. futures this morning up
a third of 1%. Coming up this hour,
we'll catch up with Mark Hayley of
[music] UBS as equities hit fresh
all-time highs. The former SenCom
commander, General Joseph Otau, looking
forward to that as President Trump
gathers his top advisers on Iran. And
frankly of HSBC as Micron joins the
trillion dollar club. We begin this out
with stocks extending gains on another
chip fueled surge. Mark Hayley of UBS
raising his year-end price target to
7,900 writing continued economic growth
and AI adoption should drive further US
earnings increases. supporting
additional market gains over the
medium-term. Mark joins us now for more.
Mark, welcome to the program. Maybe this
is a gut check on sentiment with the
following question. Are you bullish
enough?
[laughter]
>> That's a good one. Thank you.
uh you know, I I think that uh we're
bullish on the S&P, but we're probably
even more bullish on this rally
broadening out from kind of the the top
names and extending globally from here.
So, uh you know, for those people who
haven't been in on the rally and are are
afraid to get in, we think there is a
lot of opportunity globally. Now,
>> how much is this coming from the AI
sectors that have already gotten bit up
and how much is this coming from the
broadening out that ostensibly will come
with some sort of resolution in the
Middle East?
Well, I don't think you can discount uh
the AI impact in a broader sense, which
is that, you know, the capex spend from
AI is probably having two times the
impact of the the negative effects of
the rise in oil prices on global GDP.
So, that that's factoring into this as
well. Now uh of course our our economist
Paul Donovan talks about the wy coyote
effect where you know behavioral
economics at some point if oil prices
continue to be elevated or they continue
to surge you know over a hundred uh
behavioral economics can take over and
things can start to break and we can see
this unravel. Um, but I I like that AI
to oil statistic a little bit because it
gives people a sense of uh you know
there are other factors besides what's
going on in the oil story.
>> Mark, we were just talking about how
difficult it is to really price some of
the moonshots that we've seen in the
tech universe. How far some of the
prices have come of the shares as well
as price targets that can't keep up with
how fast it's moving. How do you price a
moonshot? How do you price a technology
where we don't have a sense of what the
ultimate goal is or frankly even how
quickly it's moving?
>> Well, the good news is I don't have to
do that because we've had uh AI power
and resources and health care as
long-term themes for a considerable
period of time. And you know, playing it
that way, you uh you can you can benefit
from this without trying to pick one or
the other names. And I think that's even
more important now as we've had some
very large moves. Uh, you know, I think
if you're going to if you're going to
start picking names, you really have to
dig in, be very selective, or you can
just play the larger themes that we
think are going to be durable.
>> Mark, the big push right now is just to
highlight where the constraints are, the
so-called bottlenecks. Do you see that
shifting in the years ahead? Do you see
a visible runway to so-called
overcapacity, which is the ultimate
worry? That's the bus further down the
road that people worry about. Do you see
any runway towards that in the medium
term?
>> I think it's very hard right now to get
to over capacity and as as you point out
it's more like there's more and more
bottlenecks in the chain as just the the
capex uh projections keep growing. And
so uh you know that that's I think a
little bit more more the worry at this
end is where's the you know where is the
power going to come from? where are the
transformers that are going to the
ground? You know, where where's all
these parts of the value chain? How are
they going to add up and who's going to
benefit from that and who may not
benefit from it? Now that now that the
realization that there is this scarcity
uh is is out there. The riskreward on on
kind of just the pure play say chip
names is a little harder to make.
>> Mark, how are clients dealing with this?
How are they avoiding so-called company
specific risk? How do you mitigate that?
And what kind of advice are you
offering?
>> Well, I will say that our clients have
uh been very sanguin through this. I
think many of them uh you know, as we
get together and talk and talk about the
impact of AI on people's businesses,
it's generally been positive. I do think
a lot of clients have stayed invested
and they have not really been phased by
this uh this situation. And and you
know, we've kind of said, don't don't
get too caught up in the headlines. Stay
focused on the data. You know, oil
prices being one on on the negative
side, but also, as you pointed out, this
tremendous earnings growth, this
tremendous capex build, and then
something that we have to keep in mind
is what usually kills these bull markets
is Fed hikes. And given what's going on
with with wages and the fact that a lot
of the inflation is probably driven by
energy, we still don't see the Fed
hiking anytime soon.
>> Is that one of the bigger concerns
though that investors are bringing up
with you? They're concerned that the
Federal Reserve is going to potentially
hike interest rates this year.
>> Well, I think that, you know, for our
international investors, there are two
kind of big concerns out there that are
related, of course. one is one is
inflation. Uh and then what does that
mean probably in particular for the
dollar? Uh because last year a lot of
international investors saw their US
gains eaten up by dollar weakness uh
compared to other currencies. And so I
think ddollarization is a topic that
comes up a lot. Now we think that the
getting the global diversification and
for many of our international investors
looking at China and China tech as a way
to be invested in a almost completely
different system at this point uh it
remains an important theme but you know
given what's going on we like the US
market given what's going on in the US
market investors haven't given up on the
US yet
>> Mark for about 20 years a lot of people
talked about the financialization of
money and how people would invest and
they'd make money and then they put it
back in investments and it wasn't making
its way into the real world and suddenly
it's making its way into the real world
in a big way. I just wonder if you can
see these incredible valuation rises,
these incredible capex budgets without
some of it producing inflationary
results. You're talking about how you
aren't going to see some sort of
persistent inflation. Doesn't some of
this lead to a persistently higher
inflation moment at a time of
delobalization and re-industrialization?
Well, it's it's look, it's a great
point, but there again, I think it's one
of these races uh you know, I think we
can all point to the potential for
deflationary forces from AI uh you know,
that that could be out there. I think to
but to your point right now, given given
just this uh this scarcity of tokens,
we're all f we're all focused on
scarcity. we're all focused on, you
know, the the need to settle prices
higher, uh, perhaps to even create some
demand destruction. But I think one of
the points you made at the beginning of
this is that there is there is so much
uncertainty around it. So the way that
we think about it is that, you know, a
little bit of inflation and even a
little bit of of higher rates, as long
as that's driven by growth and we, you
know, we're we're expecting 20% earnings
growth for the S&P 500, the equity
markets are likely to tolerate that. And
I think over, you know, one of the
things that we've talked about in the
past is how we have been more focused on
equities now that we've come out of the
zero interest rate policies. uh as as
the place for asset allocations because
they are more likely to weather uh bouts
of inflation say of course than than
bonds can do.
>> Mark, where do you think gold fits into
that?
>> Well, we still like the gold. I think
it's it's uh you know, I think gold
actually when there was talk around the
Fed and things like that, you know, that
that was driving money into gold. And
now as people think that interest rates
are going to go higher, that's taken
money out of the gold trade. But when we
look at the the fundamental drivers that
got us into the gold trade, which is
concerns about the weaponization of the
US dollar with sanctions, uh what our
clients tell us about uh you know, their
interest in uh ddollarization,
we think that the gold trade is still
going to have legs in the future and it
does provide something of a hedge in
portfolios.
>> Marcus, good to see you as always.
You're a good sport. Thank you, sir.
Mark Hayley there of UBS on equities,
fixed income and on gold at the end
there. The big takeaway here, better
earnings. If you could go back in time
just a few months to the start of March
and try and convince someone that the
outlook for earnings is about to improve
dramatically, not deteriorate, you'd
have a difficult time doing so. This
line from Mark Hayley over at UBS, the
positive impact from the capex
associated with AI is 2x the negative
impact from the higher crude prices
we've seen. That's a difficult thing to
internalize at the moment given the
situation in the Middle East.
>> Skepticism has been punished. Skepticism
of corporate strength. Skepticism of
just how much they can monetize some of
what we're seeing and how much they can
raise prices. And that's the reason why
you're seeing upgrade after upgrade.
>> Adding to alltime highs, equity futures
up by a third of 1% this morning. A
record on the S&P, the NASDAQ, and on
small caps, too. Let's get you an update
on stories worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Vonnie Quinn has more. Hey,
Vonyie.
>> Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. President
Donald Trump meeting with his cabinet
today as talks to end the war with Iran
remain in flux. The US attacked Iranian
targets in the straight of Hormuz
Monday, just days after the president
insisted his administration had quote
largely negotiated a settlement with
Tehran.
Micron share is gaining in the premarket
after rallying nearly 20% yesterday. The
company's market cap topping a trillion
dollars. This after UBS boosted its
price target to a street high of [music]
$1625
a share from $535.
[music] South Korean chipmaker SK Heinix
also joining the trillion dollar market
cap club.
Former BP chairman Albert Manifold says
he was fired without warning or
explanation. The company announcing his
departure yesterday citing concerns
about governance standards oversight and
conduct. In a statement, Manifold says
he disputes the characterization of his
conduct. And that's your Bloomberg
[music] brief. John,
>> hey Vonyie, what a drama. They need to
clean that up fast, that's for sure. Up
next on the program, striking a deal
with Iran.
>> It's looking very good that we're going
to make a deal with Iran and it's going
to be a good deal. It's going to be a
deal with no nuclear weapons.
>> They come to the table, they're begging
to make a deal. They want to make a deal
badly and we'll see if we get there.
>> Still waiting for a deal. Up next on the
program, we'll catch up with the former
US Sencom commander, General Joseph
Votel from New York City this morning.
Good morning.
packs full of earnings over the next 24
hours. The next few hours looks like
this before the market will get the
earnings from Dick Sporting Goods. Look
out for that. Another read on the US
consumer. A read on software a little
bit later after the closing bell. We'll
hear from CRM Salesforce in focus. Some
of these [music] names have been
battered over the last few months. Let's
see what the earnings look like a little
bit later.
>> It's all going [music] to be about the
forward look. Can they give confidence
that their earnings can continue despite
the potential disruption risk coming
from artificial [music] intelligence?
>> Equities doing better, up a third of 1%
on the S&P, adding to a 4-day winning
streak on the S&P [music] 500. Record
highs across this board. All-time highs
coming into Wednesday. Supported by this
move as well in the bond market. Yields
have really settled down. Twos, tens,
[music] and 30s down again this morning.
We're down a basis point at the front
end of the curve just about holding on
to 4% on twos. [music] And this move in
crude is helping out as well. WTI and
Brent still pulling back. We're down by
3% on Brent. WTI [music] is a breaker 90
898 this morning. No deal in sight, but
plenty of positive things to say.
>> There are positive things to say. Of
course, Iran did come out in [music]
other statements talking about the need
to retain all of the uranium and other
issues that seem pretty central to the
[music] negotiations. Nonetheless,
people are looking looking beyond and
seeing a resolution.
>> Let's look beyond under Savylvanas this
morning striking a deal with Iran.
It's looking very good that we're going
to make a deal with Iran and it's going
to be a good deal. It's going to be a
deal with no nuclear weapons.
>> We have to have a deal that's acceptable
to me. They come to the table. They're
begging to make a deal. They want to
make a deal badly and we'll see if we
get there.
>> They think that they are getting very
close to making a deal.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. The
president gathering his cabinet today as
the administration continues high stakes
negotiations with Iran. The former US
Sentcom commander General Joseph Votel
saying Iran is using the straight of
former as strategic leverage in a wider
confrontation. The likely trajectory for
future US military operations is a
prolonged mission. General Vottow joins
us now for more. General, welcome to the
program, sir. We're all well familiar
with the situation in the Middle East.
We understand the importance to energy.
We can just about identify the
stratapform on a map. General, for
people who haven't been there, who don't
understand what it actually looks like
to go through that waterway, why is it
so difficult to get energy flowing even
now?
>> Oh, thanks. Good morning, John. It's
good to be with you. Well, first of the
reason, geographically, it's a very
narrow uh passageway. The main transit
routes are only about two miles long.
The water in the go in the straight is
generally pretty shallow. It's very
rocky particularly on the Omani Amirati
side. Uh and it's really subject to to
weather. Um it's uh it's when you go
through the straits of Hammuz, it's very
difficult to see. It's very difficult to
you know kind of be oriented to where
you are. So it's just a very very
difficult uh
portion of water to get through. And of
course it's dominated geographically by
Iran. And you can't dispute the fact
that on at least you know three sides of
it as you go through the uh the Iranians
have the geographical advantage here.
>> General, yesterday the Wall Street
Journal said the Navy started assisting
in terms of escorts of vessels to the
straight and then SenCom came out and
said they're not currently escorting
commercial vessels. If we were to see
mass escorts, what would that look like?
Yeah, and Maria, what that would
generally look like is the the
commitment of a number of our
destroyers, uh, probably somewhere on
the order of, you know, 15 to to 20 that
would be dedicated to the mission. And
what they would basically do is not only
pick it and put put, uh, you know, naval
maritime assets in key positions where
they could provide protection over the
top of of these of these convoys, but
they'd also be in a position where they
would be escorting them. Uh sometimes we
would try we might try to uh you know
bring together a number of tankers and
then move them as a package through the
through the Gulf with with close escort
by uh US Navy destroyers or we may move
them in smaller packets or we may try to
uh do what you know what I would
describe kind of as a zone defense
create a kind of a a a bubble under
which these uh these uh ships can move.
But important to do that is we have to
be certain that they can move through
safely. So they aren't going to bump
into mines. They're not going to have
they're not going to be subject to uh
attacks from the Iranians. And that's
what takes up a lot of the resources.
It's the mine clearing. It's the the
defensive resource we have to put in
place. It's the number of ships that we
have to have there uh in order to do
that to relieve the pressure in the in
the Gulf right now. Well, based off the
US presence right now, would the United
States be able to undertake this?
>> Well, I think there's certainly a
considerable amount of maritime
resources in the in the region. And I
think probably uh I'm an army guy
talking here, but um I think probably
with the resources that are in place, we
probably could certainly begin to do
some type of escort missions, but that
would likely come at the cost of other
things we're doing. So it would be
difficult for us to maintain a blockade
and to escort uh it uh and of course you
know it isn't just maritime assets. It's
US Air Force assets. It's in some cases
ground resources with our Marines or or
military army organizations that have to
man air defense sites and have to be
prepared to board ships and have to be
prepared to go ashore if we need to to
remove threats. So it's a more
comprehensive effort. So there's enough
force to probably do some of that right
now, but it would really limit our
ability to do anything else.
>> General, this doesn't seem to be what a
lot of people are talking about with
respect to striking a deal. They expect
a resolution to the conflict. How do you
understand some of the discussions
around the negotiations between the US
and Iran and uh assertions that we are
close to reaching some sort of deal?
Well, we're work we're we're working
through interlocutors right now and for
the last several weeks has been the
Pakistanis and now most recently the
Qataris have joined. Of course, they're
they're recognized and very capable
negotiators who we have a lot of trust
in and so uh I'm sure there are
discussions going back and forth and
some uh communications that would give
people the impression that we uh that we
are making some progress on this and I
hope that we are. I mean I think it's in
our interest certainly to to resolve
this but you know fundamentally
negotiations and are about trust. It's
about trust between both sides and of
course that's lacking between the United
States and Iran right now. And then
there are are fundamental differences on
the major issues whether it's
non-prololiferation whether it's the
highly enriched uranium and what happens
with that whether it's what happens with
sh sanctions and and frozen assets or
the the status of the straits of Hormuz
how do we get back to kind of the open
passageway that it was or the situation
in Lebanon I think it's important most
Americans are not necessarily paying
attention to what's happening in Lebanon
but it is directly linked certainly in
the eyes of the Iranians to what is
happening in the Gulf.
>> General, that's a good point. We
appreciate your time, sir, and your
experience. Thank you. The former US
SenCom commander, General Joseph votes
out there on the situation in the Middle
East and the difficulty getting energy,
gas, oil flowing once again through that
straight.
>> Yeah, it would require a lot of assets
unless there is some sort of
comprehensive deal and a comprehensive
deal requires trust and clearly there is
no trust and that point seems to be
reiterated by one person after another
who has dealt with similar negotiations
in the past. The word impression the
general used there's an impression that
the talks and the deal is going well but
at the end of the day what is actually
happening [music] nothing has changed
and actually after the past 48 hours
things got a little worse
>> shaping prices 9645 this morning we're
down about 3% up next on the program
we'll talk about what's insulating this
equity market frankly of HSBC [music] as
the chip rally drives stocks to record
highs
>> [music]
>> Seriously, so many people bowled up this
Wednesday morning. Good morning to you
all. Goldman Sachs go to 8K on the S&P
500, lifting their price target from
7600, joining a very long list of banks
that have [music] done the same thing
over the last 2 months or so. Equally
futures up this morning by a third of 1%
adding to a 4-day winning streak on the
S&P 500. The Nasdaq and by 0.5 the
Russell by.7 record high record high
all-time high in the bond market yield
supporting this move. We're down across
the curve by a couple of basis points
this morning down two on 10 down one on
twos 4.01% on the 2-year. Tomorrow
things get a little bit more
interesting. PCE the main event for the
Federal Reserve their preferred read on
US inflation and that might not make for
great reading for this institution.
>> We've had one upside surprise after
another when it comes to inflationary
reads and core [music] PCE is probably
no different likely in that 0.3% range
3.3% over uh the past year. Key question
here, does the Fed care, right? What is
the what is the worst Fed's response
mechanism to inflation that is ticking
inflecting upward given the fact that
this Fed has been incredibly dovish? Are
they going to wreck the party? I mean,
>> [music]
>> ultimately, it's easy to be a skeptic,
but I might as well join the party and
and not be so, you know, skeptical
because you're not paid to be skeptical.
You're not paid to poke holes. You are
paid to just go with the mob.
>> Have we got that breaking news whoosh
that drives across the screen? Can we
play that now? Sort of breaking news.
>> It's the dog.
[laughter] Come on,
>> Brammo.
>> Brammo. I think going to look to confirm
this, but I think Brammo just turned
bullish. Is that what just happened?
>> I think that it just doesn't pay to be
skeptical. You take a look at every
single different benchmark [music] by I
mean my son for a school project went
all in on Micron theoretically. Okay.
>> And he comes back, he's like, I won big
yesterday. I mean, it's sort of what are
we trading people? We are trading them
that you cannot lose. And that's seems
to be the way to go.
>> Bulls everywhere this morning getting
very nervous following that. Let's
finish on crude. We're down about 3% on
WTI and Brent. This is helping to move
as well. Break crude to 96, WTI to about
$90 a barrel.
>> So, what's interesting about this is
crude is moving lower, but we don't
actually have that deal that the
president has been teasing for months
now. And what we heard from Iran is that
this until we have agreed on all issues.
We consider that we have agreed on
nothing. [music] That is what the one of
the key negotiators said as he's making
this visit to Russia. And what they're
talking about is that highlyenriched
uranium is not on the agenda for talks
with the United States. Well, that is
the number one issue that this president
needs to deliver on for the American
people.
>> Yeah, here we are with crude [music]
down 3% on the session. Counting it down
to the cash open three hours away. Let's
get you some single names some morning
movers. Yahara has more. Hey yara.
>> Hi John. Well, Lisa's son wins again
because we are seeing Micron shares
soaring 6% in the pre-market after it
became the latest company to join the $1
trillion uh club. A rally initially
sparked by UBS doubling [music]
its price target on the stock. And
what's striking is that just hours later
over in South Korea, its memory chip
darling SKH Heinix also joined that
club. Now we'll be looking ahead to
Marvel Technologies. It reports after
the bell, the chipmaker shares are
already up 5.8%, a sign that investors
think it will show another strong read
on AI demand. Turning to space stocks,
they are soaring again in the pre-market
uh extending a rally that's been
building ever since SpaceX filed
publicly uh in what could become the
biggest IPO ever. And ever since then,
investors have been piling into anything
tied to this space. So that's why you're
seeing space infrastructure companies
like Redwire up uh nearly 20% in the
pre-market. Uh and we end on a name that
is getting crushed in the pre-market.
Secaler shares down 23% after the
company missed on fourth quarter revenue
uh it fourth quarter revenue outlook
just slightly and what analysts are
saying in their notes is that the plunge
reflects uh how very little tolerance
investors have for even small misses
when it comes to these software
companies. [music] John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Yhara in the next hour. On our
radar this morning, Samsung workers
accepting an 11th hour deal, averting a
major strike that threatened to disrupt
global chip supply. Chip workers at the
company will see an average bonus of
$340,000.
Elsewhere, Chinese tech giant Bite Downs
planning to a steep increase in capex
this year. The Tik Tok developer gearing
up to nearly triple its spending from 25
billion last year to 70 billion this
year to lead the Chinese market and
challenge US companies. And finally, an
update on the Nvidia chips smuggled into
China. Taiwan prosecutors saying three
suspects shipped the chips to Japan
before bringing them into China.
Authorities also seizing about 50
servers which they say the trio had
prepared fraudulent export documents.
>> So to me this actually has two really
important points. number one raising
questions about how much DeepS seek was
really homegrown and uh some of the the
gains that they achieved, how much they
were absolutely done on lower power
chips. But the second thing is Taiwan
wants to get in good graces with the
United States and Taiwan has been under
the fire for a while from the United
States authorities saying can you guys
crack down a little bit harder on
exactly where the chips are going and
whether they are violating some of the
sanctions and that I think it seems to
be coming to the four them wanting to
get on board ahead of some really
sensitive negotiations
>> and this is the first public crackdown
we've seen after really so many years as
you say of pressure and at the same time
I just came back from this trip to China
with the president Taiwan is waiting for
a sign off on this $14 billion arm sale.
Now, I don't want to read too much into
it, but you have to think that might be
part of what is going on here right now.
>> Can you just sort of draw a picture for
people of what that negotiation looks
like? We know what the ask is from
Taiwan. We know that the president's
handing off on on fulfilling the ask.
What does he want in return? Do we know
>> what he wants in return? We don't know
exactly what the president wants in
return from Tuan. This could potentially
be one of it. One of the big issues the
president definitely wants is that this
issue stays status quo. 90% of our stock
market is tethered to Taiwan because
that's where more than 90% of
semiconductors and chips come from. One
thing he definitely wants to see and we
have seen the Taiwanese government
already do this is push companies like
TSMC to put more money into the United
States to make factories in the US and
we have seen them do that in places like
Arizona.
>> Let's talk about that chip sector. The
record chip rally pushing two memory
names above1 trillion dollars in market
cap for the first time. Now Marval
surging in the pre-market. The chipmaker
set to report after the bell today.
Frank Lee of HSBC upgrading the stock to
buy and raising his price target from 85
to 300. Frank joined us now for more.
Frank, welcome to the program. I just
want to take a step back and talk about
this particular company and what they
do. Can you describe for us all these
custom chip projects that these
different companies and the hyperscalers
that we talk about every single day and
how Marval fits into that effort?
>> Sure. I I think what you've seen is um
you know starting about a year and a
half ago u these hyperscalers have
started to as they move into the
inference stage they're going from the
initial training to inference they're
now designing their own custom chips and
diversifying away from using the GPU
chips for Nvidia. So I think as you look
at the capex spend for these
hyperscalers now these hyperscalers have
to spend more money outside of just the
GPU they have to pay more money for
memory for these uh custom silicon chips
uh as well as networking chips. So
you're just seeing a massive diffusion
of this capex spend into more companies
that benefit from it.
>> Frank, do you consider Marvel
indispensable at the moment going
forward or just a gap filler for the
time being because we've hit these
bottlenecks here there and everywhere?
Yeah. So I think it's a good point. What
we're starting to see is just a lot of
bottlenecks emerging from all places.
And where Marll is placed right now is
that there one of the biggest drivers
isn't just the custom silicon, it's the
actual DSP that the optical transceiver.
So one thing as you notice is that as
you power your data centers, it needs to
get faster and faster. So the networking
is a big part of this this backbone. So
what you're seeing is uh Marll is is is
is a big player in the networking story
and I think that is where you're
probably seeing the biggest upside and a
big reason why we've become more
positive is that we think there's a lot
more growth that's being underestreated
by the market.
>> Frank, it's been Marll. It's been what
we've seen with Micron. It's been some
of the other semiconductors and memory
related stocks. Yet we have seen Nvidia
kind of fall behind. It hasn't
participated as much. How much have the
gains in semis and frankly memory
related names come at the expense of
Nvidia?
Yeah, that's that's a great question. I
I think, you know, if you think about
two years ago, there was really only one
game in town and that was or one stock
and that was Nvidia because they
occupied nearly 90% of all spend in uh
in in in AI. But now they have to share
that with a lot more players. Um it's
not that Nvidia is is suffering. They're
still growing. They're still beating uh
and raising their forecast based on the
last uh the last earnings. But I think
one of the the struggles they have is
that the narrative there has been a
significantly new narrative. Uh one
thing they have highlighted is you know
the enterprise and the sovereign and
there there isn't as much competition
and the GPUs are still going to be the
dominant the the only real solution. So
I think what they've done recently is to
reclassify their data centers between
the hyperscaler the CSP capex and the
nonCSP and that will give investors
another way to see how their growth is
outside these major hyperscalers. You
and John were talking about choke points
within this entire AI buildout. Now how
people are looking at that and saying we
want to be there because they have a lot
of price uh power pricing power. I just
wonder where the pricing power
potentially hits bumps up against the
reality of some of the capex plans of
different companies. I mean is there a
limit to how much some of these memory
chip uh manufacturers and others can
raise prices in response to incredible
demand?
Yeah, that that's a really interesting
question because nobody really knows. We
haven't been in this situation before.
Historically, you when you look at the
memory space, there was always some sort
of a a limit that you couldn't raise
price beyond a certain point because the
memory was being used in consumer
products, PCs and and smartphones. So,
once the price got to a certain point
and demand would suffer because
consumers stopped buying. But now, the
demand is being driven by these data
centers, right? And it seems like
they're continuing to absorb these price
increases and it's only going to get
worse. For example, I think, you know,
one of the big memory um you know that
we see in in data centers, HBM, we're
going to see a significant increase in
pricing next year. It hasn't even shown
up this year, but starting next year, we
think a lot of the HBM prices are going
to double from where we are this year.
So, you know, our hypers scale able to
continue to afford that is something
we'll have to continue to see.
>> Well, in the past, this industry used to
be very cyclical. Is that no longer the
case? It
>> you know, it's it's a good question. And
I I think part of the reason that it's
hard to answer is that the past tech
cycles have been much more
consumer-driven. And so because
consumerdriven cycles, there's
elasticity to pricing. So if component
goes up too much, demand will come off.
This cycle has been very much
infrastructure capex driven. And so far,
you know, companies continue to invest,
they're not slowing down. And you know
what's interesting is these hyperscalers
are starting to start to scale down
their their job layoffs. So, are they
going to take these cost savings and
continue to put it back into AI
infrastructure capbacks? So, that could
perhaps keep the spending going for for
considerably for the for the next couple
of years.
>> You know, Frank, Lisa mentioned Nvidia
and it was in March that Nvidia did this
tie up with Micron $2 billion. How much
has that what we're seeing right now
this momentum bore out of deals like
that?
>> Yeah, I mean Nvidia has been signing
deals with a lot of people in supply
chain. So, it's not just Micron. They've
done, you know, a couple of deals on the
optical side, uh, including, you know,
Coherent, Lummentum, even a a Marll
deal. So that it it in some ways
investors are looking at where Nvidia is
investing and saying that's the next
choke the the next choke point. So in
some ways, if you look at some of the
stocks, they've actually moved more
after Nvidia's invested because I think
investors are saying, well, you know,
Nvidia is such an essential part of
supply chain, they know where perhaps
they need to secure capacity next. And
so some people are using that as as as a
road map to see where the next chuck
point's going to be.
>> Hey Frank, thanks for jumping on this
morning. We appreciate it buddy. Thank
you. Frank Lee there of HSBC bullish on
Marv Val. Those numbers drop a little
bit later this afternoon after the
closing bell.
>> Do they justify some of the rally that
we've seen? Do they give you a sense
that some of the enthusiasm behind names
like this really can continue? Nvidia
has been investing in a lot of places. I
just want to pick up on that. They've
been investing in Micron. They've been
investing in Marll. About half of their
free cash flow has gone into
investments. are essentially a tech
focused hedge fund uh in order to get
their tentacles and everything. It
really is a death absolutely amazing
story.
>> Incredible, isn't it? It is. They've got
a lot of money. Let's put it that way.
NASDAQ futures this morning up by 0.5%
all-time highs. Let's give you an update
on stories worldwide this morning with
your Bloomberg brief. Vonnie Quinn has
more. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. Bank of Japan
Governor Caswell warning that oil price
shocks could fuel broader inflation
pressures, reinforcing [music] bets for
a rate hike. Traders now see about a 75%
chance of a rate hike at the bank's June
16th meeting.
Volvo reaching a deal with the Trump
administration to avoid a US ban on
vehicles tied to China. The agreement
overcomes a barrier that has effectively
blocked the US market from [music]
Chinese cars over national and economic
security concerns.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton
beating four-term incumbent John Cornin
in the state's Republican Senate runoff.
[music] Paxton crediting President Trump
for the win in his victory speech. The
president endorsed Paxton last week. And
that is your Bloomberg brief. John
>> Evony, thank you. Axios calling it the
Texas Takedown, the widest primary
defeat for a sitting senator in nearly
50 years.
>> It's unbelievable. And this is going to
be really a [music] seismic shift and I
think we'll have a lot of alarms for the
Republican establishment. This is an
individual who's had decades in the
Senate and people are pretty shocked.
>> We're seeing these problems develop at
the national level. can win a primary,
but can you win in a [music] general?
And I just wonder how this applies to
this situation down in Texas.
>> Well, this is why people think
potentially the Democratic candidate
[music] has a shot in Texas, which we
would not have seen, I believe, since
the 1980s, a Democratic senator from
Texas. [music]
So, it would be pretty shocking.
>> We'll have that conversation in about 30
minutes time. Equity futures right now
pushing higher by a third of 1%. Up
next, rising inflationary pressures.
>> By the end of the year, we're still
expecting [music] poor PCE to be around
3%. That would be a threshold that I
think is very key to watch because
there's going to be much more noise
around the necessity of a rate hike. Up
next, we'll catch up with Ian Lingan of
Beimo live from New York City. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
I missed the luche banter. Wasn't that
good?
>> Really good. You banned us a great start
to the week.
>> The memes. The luch banter. The memes
are amazing memes. You literally hold on
a second. For the record, yesterday
Jonathan Frell banned us from talking
about the luche or the loose
conversations. And today you're bringing
it back up. Is that how reminiscent
nostalgic
>> missed it? You know, it's just so
tempting. The meme game of the last 24
hours. Phenomenal.
>> Yeah, people were pretty brutal. I mean,
>> Monteolo, the former Ferrari chairman,
did you see what he said yesterday?
>> Brutal.
>> He said, you know, I'm worried it
doesn't deserve the prancing horse.
Please take it off.
>> At least the Chinese weren't trying to
copy this.
>> Oh, yeah. That was brutal. I mean,
ultimately,
>> it's quite the line.
>> And he's saying that basically, we risk
destruction of a legend. So sorry. Take
[music] the prancing horse off. At least
the Chinese won't copy this car. Oh my
god. So scathing, so brutal, but the
memes are funny. One thing you can't
unsee, someone [music] mentioned that it
looks like a computer mouse, and
considering it was designed by Johnny
Iive, uh, formerly of the iPhone, it
makes perfect sense. It does look like a
computer mouse.
>> Better news for the stock. The stock is
up this morning by 1.8%. We'll make it
relevant to people in financial markets,
of course. [music] Equity futures right
now on the S&P bouncing back again, up
by a third of 1% on the S&P. on the
NASDAQ up by 0.5. Four days of gains.
Looks like we got another one on a
Russell. We're up by 0.7%. Focus on
inflation and the bond market in the
next 24 hours. Twos 10 and 30s. Yields
declining by another basis point at the
front end. 4.02% [music] on twos. Under
surveance this morning, rising
inflationary pressures
by the end of the year. We're still
expecting core PCE to be around 3%. That
would [music] be a threshold that I
think is very key to watch because if
inflation is indeed 1 percentage point
above the 2% target that the Fed has,
there is going to be much more noise
around the necessity of a rate hike,
especially if that [music] trend is
moving sideways and not moving back
towards the target. So here's the latest
this morning. The Minneapolis Fed
President Neil Qashqari joining a
growing chorus of central bank officials
urging an increased focus on inflation
in Lincoln of Beimo writing the strength
of the underlying real economy has
complicated the Fed outlook as it
currently appears the US consumers are
weathering the energy shock more easily
than initially feared. Ian joins us now
for more. Good morning. It's good to see
you. Yeah,
>> happy to be.
>> What are you expecting to see tomorrow
morning at about 8:30 Eastern?
>> So, I think that there's two aspects of
the data that will be interesting.
First, everyone is focused on core PCE.
The market is looking for a a low point
three or a high point 2. Let's call it
0.26.
I'm worried about real personal
consumption, real personal spending at a
moment in which nominal wage gains are
not keeping up with headline inflation
means that consumers are losing ground
in real purchasing power. And at some
point, that starts to flow through to
the broader economy and people start to
get more and more worried about that.
What would you look to to indicate we're
close to that point and what you're
seeing is showing up right now?
>> So, right now the market's looking for a
0.1 monthly increase in real personal
consumption. You get zero or slightly
negative backto back months and then
that's going to ratchet down people's
growth expectations for the second half
of the year. Right now, between the AI
buildout and the baseline momentum that
the consumer is bringing in, everything
looks fine, as though higher energy
prices will be comparable to how quickly
they were absorbed in 2022 and 2023. But
I'm arguing that we're in a different
position, especially given the Fed's
recent pivot to something a bit more
balanced as opposed to being just
completely doubbished between Ali and
Dia.
>> Can you paint the moment we're in?
Because a lot of people come on,
particularly stock investors, and they
say this is ultimately going to be a
disinflationary moment. AI is going to
make us all more efficient. We're going
to see those efficiencies borne out in a
disinflation. They talk about housing.
They talk about the point that you're
saying, which is wages aren't keeping
up. How differently do you see things in
terms of just a structurally higher
inflation moment that the Fed is going
to have to deal with? So, I think a lot
of it comes down to the time frame,
near-term inflationary, medium-term
disinflationary. And if the Fed can
follow through on their messaging that
their most reasonable hawkish response
function at the moment is to delay rate
cuts rather than to increase policy
rates, then I think that they will come
out of this situation in a better
position than if they try to chase
inflation higher. So, at the end of the
day, I do think that the Fed is well
positioned to wait and see well into the
end of this year or the beginning of
next before needing to truly reassess
whether they should move rates higher or
lower.
>> So, do you think that this Fed is going
to comply with that? I mean, do you
think that this is a Fed led by Kevin
Worsh that is going to be more inclined
to heir on the side of maybe keeping
rates lower, maintaining an easing bias
based on the mandate, frankly, from this
from the White House? I think that Worsh
is coming in with a clear mandate not to
increase rates if they don't need to. He
also has a lot that he can do in terms
of communication. He's been very clear
that he wants to reduce the amount of
communication and forward guidance
coming from the Fed. That is a reversal
of what we've seen over the last 15 20
years. But that is also implicitly a
volatility enhancing event. And it also
should afford the hawks a bit of solace
because it is implicitly kind of hawkish
at this point. So I think that as we
think about the balance of the year, a a
less is more from the Fed approach is
probably the the best that wars can
deliver rather than true rate cuts or
anything in that regard.
>> You think the Fed is hawkish right now?
>> I think that the Fed is a lot less
dovish than we believe that they were
three three months ago. Is that because
they're willing to get rid of the easing
by bias potentially at the next meeting?
>> It has to do with the willingness of
them to change the statement, but also
the chorus of hawks that have come out
and said we need to pay more attention
to the inflation aspect of the mandate.
Now, it's important to keep in mind that
there tends to be the board that is more
doubbish and often drives a conversation
and the regional Fed presidents that
tend to heir on the side of being
hawkish. And so by consolidating that
communication to the board, I think that
the that Worsh is going to attempt to to
keep that message in place.
>> What do we know about Walsh? What do you
know about Walsh and what he's going to
do when he takes the helm in the next
few weeks?
>> I think he's done a very good job of
limiting what the market knows.
>> Do you think that's helpful for next
month?
>> I do. I do because he will come in with
a relatively clean slate and it will be
his first press conference. it will be
his ability to present himself as the
leader of the FOMC as opposed to a board
member and those incentives of his uh
his message and his presence will be
different.
>> This is important for the front end of
the yield curve of course. How does it
shape your perception of how things will
transpire further out along the curve?
>> So when I think about 10 and 30year
yields in this environment, a lot of
it's still based on the global macro.
So, it's inflation and growth
expectations, nominal inflation
expectations have clearly increased over
the course of the last several months
because of the developments in the
Middle East. I'm less concerned that
break evens are going to repric
materially higher and instead think that
the next move will be lower for break
evens simply because we have that shift
from monetary policy makers.
>> Yeah, it's good to see you. It always
is. Looking ahead to that first Fed
meeting for incoming Fed chair Kevin
Walsh, Ian Lingan there of Beimo. Thank
you, sir. My consumer price tolerance,
we hit that a long time ago in the world
of sports. I woke up to a ton of
complaints about the pre-sale for the US
Open taking place in September. The push
back we're seeing to higher prices in
New York. You mentioned the get in price
for the Knicks game. I know that's
historical. We've heard complaints about
World Cup prices now, the US Open, the
tennis in September. That push back is
building. And I tell you what, it's
starting to infect politics, too.
Because the first thing that people are
doing in New York, they're going to the
mayor and saying, "Can you do something
about the ticket prices at MSG?"
>> Well, because they're saying, "You did
something about ticket prices, or at
least an opening for some individuals to
go to the World Cup. You're going to do
something for the NBA." And he is so
excited because he's a huge Knicks fan.
I mean, you have to think Mayor Adams,
this is killing him, literally. But he
said he can't make any promises and he
can't. What's he gonna do?
>> Things are getting more and more
expensive. Up next on the program, Daryl
Kunk of Wells Fargo. Libby Cantrol of
Pimco, Joe Feldman of the Talsy Advisory
Group, [music] and Megan Swiper of Bank
for America. The second hour of
Bloomberg Surveillance just around the
corner.
This is an economy that has withtood
very nicely.
>> We have this economy that is strong on
the surface but fragile. You're seeing
the inflation data begin to pick up.
>> The labor market's performing better
than anyone expected. When we get to the
second half of the year, you never know
what [music] you'll see.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. for our
audience worldwide. The second down
Rippleberg surveillance starts right
now. And your price action scores look
like this. 4-day winning streak. Hello.
Day five. Equity futures up by 0.3% on
the S&P. On the NASDAQ up by 0.5 on the
Russell this morning up by.7 record
highs and another lift to a price target
this time from [music] Goldman Sachs.
They're looking for 8K now year end. And
they join a growing list over [music]
the last two three months who have done
exactly the same thing. They go from
7600 to 8,000 on the S&P 500.
>> And the Y has been the same for all of
them. Earnings. [music]
Earnings have triumphed over every
single concern that people have had in
markets. Whether it's slightly higher
inflation than expected, whether it's
the war in Iran, or whether it's
consumer sentiment that measured in some
ways has been plunging. Either way, the
actual on the ground results have
pointed to ongoing spending and frankly
unbelievable resilience and strength in
corporate America which is a reason why
they're all seeing this continuing not
only with AI but other companies as well
and it's really devoid to your point on
what the consumer is seeing. Yesterday
we got data from the conference board
when asked how their spending habits
have changed. Many respondents reported
buying fewer [music] items, delaying
expensive purchases and buying cheaper
versions of the same thing. Twothirds of
consumers are reporting that they're
cutting back on spending [music] due to
rising prices, like rising gasoline,
like rising energy costs, like rising
next tickets. And guess what? The equity
market says we don't care because
earnings, they [music] look great.
>> And we've got decent news this morning.
Samsung avoiding a strike. That's good
news. If you're part of this massive
capex story, you've got bite dance in
China considering $70 billion of capex
[music] this year, up from 25 last year.
That's good news. And you see the market
just driving [music] these single names
to trillion dollar market caps almost
across the board. SK Highix one and then
Micron another.
>> Micron up 859% [music]
over the past 12 months. Just to give
you a sense of this kind of meteoric
rise, the fastest climb to a trillion
dollars from 500 billion ever in record.
I think 49 days or something like that,
which just gives you a sense, this is
now a company that is bigger than
Bergkshire Hathway, [laughter] that is
bigger than some of the companies that
we've all become accustomed to. It is
shocking to look at some of these
valuations and yet you see the pricing
power and the choke points in all of the
devices that we use as well as
semiconductors and you have to
understand why they [music] are in such
demand. You just have to wonder if
potentially the party killer, not that I
think the party's going to end, but if
there was going to be an end to this
party, it would have to come from
inflation that would prompt a response
in the bond market. And the bond market
seems to be sniffing that out on the
margins. Maybe not today, maybe not next
week. But that inflation is getting a
little bit of in getting a little
indigestion.
>> Bearish again 60 minutes later.
>> Here's the thing. You know, trying to
keep up. It's her, you know, default
setting.
>> It's hard not [music] to be skeptical
when you see moonshots and when you
don't have a sense of where we're going
or exactly how fast they can raise
prices or how you can see this kind of
monetization of all of these different
resources without that inflation
breathing into the economy. [music] It
is hard to understand that. The numbers
continue to underscore my concerns about
inflation. That [music] said, the actual
results have been unbelievable. You
cannot ignore that. So, you put those
two things together and you can feel a
little uneasy, but you understand why
people are bullish,
>> little queasy if you're bearish with
moves like this. Equity [music] futures
up again by 0.4% on the S&P 500. Coming
up this hour, we'll catch up with Daryl
Kron of Wells Fargo with stocks adding
to alltime highs. Joe Fman of the Ty
Advisory Group on this week's retailer
earnings, plus Megan Swiper of Bank of
America as investors begin pricing in
future Fed hikes. We begin this hour
with stocks adding to record highs as
two more tech names enter the trillion
dollar club. Daryl Krunk of Wells Fargo
writing, "We want our investors
portfolios to rebalance towards tech and
equities at utilities and industrials
for the AI trend." Daryl joins us now
for more. Daryl, welcome to the program.
I started the hour last hour asking
someone if they were bullish enough
because the earnings have just gone away
from the analysts so quickly over the
last two months. Darl, how do you
address that question this morning?
Yeah, good morning, John. I I think
that's a really great question and it's
the important question. I mean, when you
look at earnings up 22, 23, 24% across
the index, much less in tech, which is
up, you know, call it lower to mid40s on
earnings growth. Um, and yet prices
aren't up equivalent to that. What
you're getting is multiple compression,
right? So, multiples are actually
getting cheaper, not more expensive,
which is different than what we faced
the last several years. Um, it's been
just a a heck of a rally. You talk about
like the fiveday winning streak, eight
weeks in a row since the beginning of
April. The S&P is up 17% and tech as a
sector is up 37%. In the last eight
weeks, so I do think you favor tech
here. The challenge is how much do you
chase these prices, right? I mean,
they've just come they've gone parabolic
here lately. I was just looking the last
30 days. If I just take the last 30
days, there's only one sector, John, and
you can guess what it is, technology,
that has outperformed the broad index.
The the 10 other gick sectors are all
underperforming the index at this point.
So when you get under the surface,
there's some reasons to say, look, it's
okay to be bullish here, but be careful
about chasing this kind of parabolic
8-week just straight up rally where
you're just minting new trillion dollar
companies, you know, almost every day
>> normalizing trillion dollar market caps,
which Darl just seems crazy. I'm like
Lisa in many ways. I'm wired to worry.
>> I know my blind spot, though. And Darl,
it's a failure to imagine. And if I was
in this market 26 years ago, I would
have been worried about the same things
that I'm worried about now. I also would
have failed to imagine how big some of
these companies could become 20, 25
years down the road. Thinking about what
Alphabet is today, what Amazon is today.
Can you help just sort of flex that
muscle that I have difficulty with? What
does this world look like in 10 years
time?
>> Oh, I think 10 years time, you still see
these companies growing, right? There's
just no doubt the earnings growth, the
free cash flow that they're generating.
I mean, you can't exactly know who the
winners are 10 years out, right? Um that
that the tech bubble proved that, you
know, post GFC proved that, right? It's
really hard to know, but you want to
follow the earnings, you want to follow
that free cash flow. And to your point,
you know, the capex spending, I think
that people what people are missing in
this earning story is we know that the
one big beautiful bill had huge
provisions in it for allowing almost
immediate same-year depreciation of
capital spending, investment in
property, plant, equipment,
manufacturing, all that stuff. So when I
can depreciate all of that in one year
or this year or ne and next instead of
over a fiveyear or 10 year period of
time, guess what that does to margins of
earnings? It goes straight to the bottom
line, right? So not only are you
generating the topline sales growth, but
now I'm getting all the benefits of
what's happened with the one big
beautiful bill and all that depreciation
which is just exploding earnings growth
at the bottom line for these companies,
these hyperscalers that are doing this
big capex uh investment. Can you have a
boom like this, Darl, where people are
just pouring money into specific sectors
tied to the AI themes without
commensurate inflation given some of the
supply constraints that we're seeing
around the world?
>> Yeah, I look that's why Lisa, I think
it's a good point not to chase. I mean,
so go back just to the beginning of the
Iran conflict, right? The 2-year
Treasury was 337.
So, we're celebrating today because it's
back to 401, right? But that's still 37%
higher than it was at the end of
February, right? Um Brent crude was $70.
It's 96 this morning. We're celebrating
again, but that's another 35 36% higher.
So there's definitely friction that's
gotten added to the system over the
last, you know, 8 to 10 weeks. And I
think investors have to account for
that, right? It may be that tech is
somewhat insulated, but you're seeing it
across the rest of the industries. go to
the point of in the last 30 days, tech
is the only sector outperforming. And
when I get below the surface and I look
at how many of the S&P 500 companies are
currently in an uptrend, the numbers
like 53 54% this morning, that's way
below what you'd want to see in a
sustained rally, much less a parabolic
rally. You should see that number of
companies in an uptrend of wide breadth
and participation somewhere in the
mid60s, maybe even pushing 70 or lower
70%. So at 53% that's still pretty
anemic here. We need broader
participation. Something's got to hit
other than tech.
>> So Darl, there are two ways to interpret
this. On one hand, you could say either
stop chasing some of those returns and
put money in safe haven assets, whether
it's gold, whether it's bonds, whatever
your uh flavor of the month is. And the
other way is to look at a potential
rotation into other names that have to
benefit if this continues for so long.
It's basically two sides of a coin.
Either you're cautious or you're bullish
in just a different flavor. which are
you?
>> So, I wouldn't describe us as cautious.
We're we're absolutely bullish, although
we're sitting basically on top of our
year-end target. To John's earlier point
about people raising targets and having
to kind of chase this market, not just
in in positioning, but in price targets
as well. I think what you do here, uh,
Lisa, is you look for adjacent sectors.
So, for example, the financial sector
down year to date, right? It's trailing
the S&P 500 on a relative basis by
almost 15%. And yet, I've got, you know,
pristine balance sheets. I've got M&A
hitting at all-time record highs. I've
got big IPOs coming up this summer and
into the fall. Um, I've got basically
capex spend that companies are will
financials are willing to lend against.
So, there's, you know, net interest
margins have been increasing, not
decreasing. There's a lot of reasons to
think places like financials, places
like industrials, I mean actually the
industrial complex and and stock and gig
sector is down since the Iran conflict.
It shouldn't be based on what's going on
with spending in other places. Utilities
we think is another place where you can
find value in today's world that
actually is down over the last three
months. So there are places you can go
here and find really good earnings
growth at reasonable prices, reasonable
valuations. So if that next marginal
dollar that you want to invest doesn't
have to be chasing the 37% 8week move in
tech.
>> Well Darl you say for something to hit
it needs to be broader something to hit
more than tech for that to happen for
this to really be broadened out. Do we
need to see an opening of the trade of
her moose and a real end to this
conflict?
>> Absolutely Emory. I mean I that has to
open um we're already seeing you know
the demand destruction predominantly in
LG right. LG can't store uh uh reserves
and and other elements much like you can
with oil or reroute it through capacity
and pipelines to other places. So the
strait has to get opened up. You know,
we've got to get an agreement on a
moratorum on uh enriching uranium out of
Iran. Then you got to deal with the
stockpiles, right? It depends on what
stockpile we get. remember the 60%
uranium is largely we you know the the
IEA believes is buried in Isfahan you
know uh in the mountains somewhere so
getting that delivered out of the
country of Iran as part of some kind of
an agreement isn't exactly easy to do
assuming you can even locate it and
extract it in a reasonable period of
time. So I think you know we may be a
little ahead of ourselves on this
agreement and all the facets and the
levers that people want which is why you
know in the very near term I think you
can be a little cautious on that next
marginal dollar and where you put it to
work from the equity market perspective
but over the next let's say 6 9 12 18
months the outlook still looks pretty
bright. Daryl it's good to see you it's
great to catch up as always we'll see
you in studio next time. Darren Kron
there of Wells Fargo on this market. He
likes the financials he likes the banks.
He's not alone. And it was a consensus
overweight for a lot of people coming
into the year. The banks over the last
four sessions up by 3.9%. Pretty decent,
right? Then you look at the semis up
double digits over the same period. The
outperformance just vicious
outperformance firmly elsewhere.
>> Is it even considered outperformance
when you're tripling the uh total market
valuation in just a couple of months? I
mean, it gives you a sense of the speed
of some of the incredible uh expansion
of valuations here. Real question about
how you get ahead of this. Can you chase
it? What do you do to potentially hedge
against it? People are nervous but they
feel like they have to participate and
you feel that pretty much universally. I
was looking at just some of the
protection and how much it costs to
protect against downside. It's
incredibly low. Nobody wants to protect
against downside because that's just
going to simply uh give them give up
some of their basis point spread. So it
gives you a sense of the mood of the
moment.
>> You just described FOMO.
>> Yes.
>> And this is what Torsson just published
moments ago that the Fed is fighting
FOMO saying there are no signs that the
market is expecting a slowdown in AI
capex in the next year. saying,
"Combined with strong growth from
another interest rate insensitive
source, namely the one big beautiful
bill. The bottom line is as follows.
Rates can continue to move higher
because rate hikes are not slowing the
economy and inflation as the textbook
would have predicted.
>> When you talk to bankers about whether
higher rates will styy any of the uh
infrastructure deals that they have
coming to the market, every single one
of them says no. Five, six, 7%, 8%
doesn't matter because this is
existential spending and it is price
independent and that eradicates some of
the Fed hikes in terms of just the input
into the economy.
>> Yields just about unchanged this
morning. Two is around 4%. The equity
market pushing on up another third of 1%
on the S&P with an update on stories
worldwide. With your Bloomberg brief,
Vonnie Quinn has more. Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. More than $20
billion in tariff refunds are headed to
importers who successfully filed claims
using the new web portal developed by US
Customs and Border Protection. The
agency is issuing refunds to importers
[music] who paid as much as 166 billion
across more than 53 million import
entities.
Samsung shares gained in Wednesday's
trading union members voting in favor of
a compensation deal that will [music]
give chip workers an average bonus of
about $340,000.
The agreement avoids a strike that
threatened to disrupt global ship
supply.
Tesla shares rising in the pre-market.
Talks of a possible merger with SpaceX
ahead of its Wall Street debut gaining
traction. The reason behind a potential
deal is centered on both companies' need
for advanced AI [music] systems. And
that is your Bloomberg brief. John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. Appreciate the
update. More from Vonnie later this hour
in about 30 minutes time. Up next on the
program, a sweeping victory.
>> Change was on the ballot and change won.
President Trump is the leader of our
party and his endorsement in this most
power is the most powerful force in
politics. I look forward to working with
him in the Senate to deliver for Texas.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Libya
Cantrol of Pimote live from New York
City this morning. Good morning.
Lots of retailers reporting earnings
throughout the next 24 hours or so. Dick
Sporting Goods the first out the gate
this [music] morning. Disappointing
fullear guidance at the low end of what
people were expecting. Dick's down in
the pre-market negative by [music] 3% in
the next 24 hours. You'll hear from Best
Buy, Costco, the gap. So, a decent read
on the consumer and retailers in this
country through [music] the next day or
so.
>> Yeah. Although a very different read
depending on whether it's discretionary
or whether it's staples. to Costco maybe
attracting a greater proportion of
higher income uh consumers to get
bargains. Dicks is much more of a
discretionary. If you want to get uh you
know your your cleats for for soccer or
if you want to get your fishing rod that
is where you go and that I guess people
can postpone a little longer.
>> Been fishing rod shopping. Have you
>> or Nicki here? [laughter]
>> No. Okay. Futures look like this equity
markets. That was harsh just to sit the
camera on Bremo like that. It's unfair.
It's not fair. futures right now on the
S&P 500. Crocodile leaving you hanging.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Equities up by a third of 1% on [music]
the S&P on the NASDAQ up by 0.6 on a
Russell this morning by 3/4 of 1% and
adding some weight to a record-breaking
rally. [music] Alltime highs at a close
across the board in yesterday's session.
In the bond market, yields pulling
[music] back just a touch 1030s yields
declining at the long end of the curve
on tens by a single basis point just
about unchanged to the front end on
Tuesday this morning. And event this
morning, a sweeping victory
>> tonight. We just sent a Texasized
message to Washington. Change was on the
ballot and change won. President Trump
is the leader of our party and his
endorsement in this most power is the
most powerful force in politics. And I'm
honored to have his support and I look
forward to working with him in the
Senate to deliver for Texas.
>> So here's the latest this morning. The
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton
scoring a blowout victory in the state's
Republican Senate runoff. centered the
stage for a November showdown against
Democrat James Tarico. Libby Canel of
Pimco writing, "Most pundits still think
this will be Paxton's to lose even
against Terico, who is viewed as
talented, but is nevertheless thought to
be too progressive for Texas." Libby
joins us now for more. Libby, good
morning. Good to see you.
>> Good morning.
>> Clearly, the president's endorsement
helps you win a primary. Does it help
you win an election?
>> Yeah, well, I think that's the open
question here. Um what what has been
very clear is that with several
primaries including the one last night
you President Trump's endorsement uh is
sort of the you know the ultimate path
to victory. Um but h however and I think
this is an important however as you
allude to the primary electorate is very
different from the general election
electorate. Um for more or less the
Texas primary is closed. So mostly it's
just, you know, a self- selected group
of people who are also not only running
for voting in the primary, but also just
voting in the runoff. Um the general
election complexion will of course
include independents and also Democrats
and also some disillusioned Republicans
as well. So this was an unequivocal
victory for Paxton last night, an
unequivocal victory for the president,
but I do think the general election will
look quite different. However, and as we
talk about in that note, the map is
still really difficult for Democrats. So
even though the political environment is
quite favorable for them and quite
negative for Republicans, still the
Senate map, you know, incredibly
challenging.
>> Well, in the short term, between now and
the midterms, what is the point for
potentially some Republicans to sign up
with some issues the president wants to
put ahead of them, but they might think
it's a little bit controversial when
basically he's going against their sworn
enemies in primaries?
>> Well, yeah. Are you talking about the
ballroom [laughter] potentially? I mean,
a number of issues. I mean, I do think
this is this dynamic is interesting
because now you have several members on
the Republican side in the Senate who
are either retiring like Senator Tom
Tillis from North Carolina or have been
unseated by President Trump, John
Cornin, Bill Cassidy from Louisiana who
are not necessarily going to go along
with Trump's agenda. On the other hand,
you still have other primaries playing
out. And so for those Republicans who do
view themselves as vulnerable in those
primary, you know, over over the course
of the next few months, they may may be
much more aligned with with the
president obviously. But I do think that
sort of forest for the trees here. The
most important thing is one again
unequivocal victory for the president
last night, but two this actually makes
ironically passing his agenda through
the Senate in the intervening months
before the midterms actually more
difficult because uh now John Cornin is
going to be a free agent. Bill Cassidy a
free agent. Tom Tillis already a free
agent. So again, this is sort of the
irony is this could actually be
self-defeating.
>> In another universe, John Cornin almost
was the Senate majority leader. Can you
imagine a Senate majority leader being
pushed out by their own sitting
president in the same party?
>> I mean, that's it's it's a really
important point. I mean, he is a
obviously a very senior member of the
Republican caucus in the Senate, but
he's also a prolific fundraiser. And so,
not only do they, you know, they sort of
lose an elder statesman, if you will,
somebody who has a lot of institutional
knowledge and knows how to get things
done in the Senate, they've also lost a
really effective fundraiser. So again,
this is while this is sort of a
short-term victory surely for the
president, longer term, this could have
some unintended consequences for the
party.
>> We've seen this we've seen this movie
before where people discount President
Trump and say his popularity is really
negative and you've seen it just sort of
waning in polls even with Republicans
and then he outperforms in elections and
we're seeing that in a way here as well.
People thought that maybe John Cornin
would have more of a chance uh versus
Paxton. Is there a message here about
polling and underpolling of support for
the president that isn't coming through
and some of these polls that show his
approval rating at record lows?
>> Well, sure. And I think you always have
to take polling with a grain of salt,
but I also think it's just really
important that the his base that
President Trump's base is absolutely
hanging with him. So this narrative
about this sort of fracture in the base,
sure you have the Tucker Carlson's and
some of the other folks uh kind of on
cable news and what have you, but for
all intents and purposes, primaries,
runoffs, that's a base game. And what I
think we should have seen over and over
again over the last few uh cycle, last
few weeks in terms of these primary
cycles is that President Trump still has
very much an unequivocal hold on his
base. There's another point that people
have raised which is how much is
President Trump leading the base and how
much is he sniffing out where the base
is and then going with the base. How
much is the base leading and how much is
President Trump leading?
>> Again, I think there's also I mean I
think it's an open question of like last
night obviously uh there was obviously a
lot of headlines around his President
Trump's endorsement and how that helped
Paxton. I think there's also an argument
that Paxton could have won without the
president's endorsement as well. So to
your point, is he just sort of picking
winners and losers or picking winners in
this case and sort of attaching to and
of course his his the endorsement came
relatively late. So in terms of the get
out the vote and what have you, um, a
lot of that had already been
>> individual who's super wellknown in
Texas, controversial, very wellknown.
What does the map look like going into
the midterms on the Senate side? Because
that's where people think there could be
the shock surprise,
>> right? So I think that if you know so if
you look at the house right it's sort of
the conventional wisdom is that the
house typically flips um you know in in
in a midterm election cycle I think
that's probably going to be the case
even with the redistricting. The Senate
map however very different story of
course um and right now again uh is that
Republicans still have I think an
advantage in the Senate map. They
Democrats in order to take back the
Senate they have to win a net four
seats. That may seem easy in this type
of political environment. If you
actually look at the map, it's super
difficult. They're defending places like
Michigan, which I think might be tough
for them. Georgia may be a little bit
easier. Uh but then they also have to
win four of these sort of six
competitive states for Republicans,
including potentially Texas, Ohio, North
Carolina, Maine. Again, this is not
impossible, but you know, how we're
characterizing this to clients is that
if Democrats have to have a mediocre
night to win back the House, they have
to have basically a perfect night to win
back the Senate. And again, I don't
think last night really changes the
calculus around that.
>> Can we just finish on that graphic of
the results from last night? What are we
talking about here? 28 point gap for a
sitting senator in a primary. That's
absolutely shocking. That picture right
there.
>> It is. But also to Libbyy's point, Ken
Paxton is a very well-known entity in
Texas and amongst the base might be
controversial amongst the whole
population, but amongst the base,
[music]
he's loved.
>> Libby Cantrol at Pimco. Libby, thank
you.
>> Thanks so much.
>> Appreciate it. Coming up on the program,
Joe Feldman of the Talia Advisory Group
looking ahead to a fresh round of retail
earnings on deck. Plus, your high-risisk
got your morning movers. Another check
on Micron absolutely flying so far this
year.
Check it out. More of the same up across
the board, adding to all-time highs on
the S&P up by a third of 1% on the
Nasdaq up by 0.7. 4-day winning streak
for the S&P. The longest winning run on
a daily basis since the middle of April.
The 8week winning run. If we make that
week nine, we're equaling one of the
longest runs we've seen on a weekly
basis in the last something like 40
years, which is crazy. [music]
>> It's been an insane rally and it's been
incredibly narrow. I mean, people talk
about bad breath. insert your pun here,
but [music] really has been led by a
handful of names that have just been
skyrocketing and seem independent from
macroeconomic [music]
polls. So, a question that we have to
ask is tomorrow when we get inflation
data, how much does it actually matter
for some of these stocks given the
backdrop that they've continued to rally
despite some of the concerns about
inflation?
>> Might matter to the bond market. Yields
right now look like this. Two is around
4% still above the policy rate of the
Federal Reserve indicating a market
price for the potential of an interest
rate hike. But to to SL's point over at
Apollo a little bit earlier on this
morning, does it matter? Does it matter
to the broader US economy, when we get
this data driven by all this capex
coming from all these companies?
>> The answer is yes. It matters to the
broader economy, but it doesn't matter
as much to the stock market, which has
been driven by a number of AI related
names that seem independent to financing
costs that are pegged by the Fed.
[music] Again, this raises a real
conundrum for the Federal Reserve. Do
they cater to the economy that is
affected by rates? talking about the
housing market, talking about some of
the consumer spending that does seem to
be dampened because of higher prices or
[music] do they say we don't want to
spur a bubble by really allowing some of
these names to keep flying?
>> This hasn't mattered not to the equity
market. Crude Brent [music] WTI looks
like this this morning. It's down by 3%
on WTI still around 90 97 on Brent down
by 2.5%. Difficult to point to any real
progress whatsoever based on the reports
we've seen and yet here we are with
prices declining once again. I think
there's two issues. One, the market
understands that the president does want
a [music] negotiated settlement and
wants to reopen up the trade of moose.
That actually is where the direction of
travel is going. Second, you do have
stories of adnock [music]
being able to, and it's hard to quantify
how much it is, but being able to get
some product out of the straight of
Hermoose and then obviously would have
no problem going through the US [music]
blockade. So, the market does understand
that it's not fully shut. It maybe is a
little leaky. And the direction of child
from this administration is that we're
going to get there. But Alraia is saying
that a US Iran agreement according to
their sources reached within [music]
weeks. What happened to days?
>> Let's get to that story right now. On
our radar this morning, crude prices
easing as optimism grows that the US and
Iran are closing in on some kind of
peace deal. At least two non-Iranian
super tankers crossing through the
straight of on Tuesday, even though the
choke point remains essentially closed.
Elsewhere, Wall Street continuing to bet
big on the AI boom. Goldman, the latest
raising its year-end S&P 500 target to
8K from 7600. The firm writing quote
earnings growth should drive continued
equity market upside. I've read that
line so many times in the last few
months. And finally, a surge in memory
chip stocks pushing Micron and SKH
Highix into the trillion dollar market
cap club. SKHEX is just the third Asian
company to surpass the milestone driven
by investors who see a sustained
re-evaluation of the industry.
>> That's EM. And when people say they're
investing in EM, it's SKH Highix. So,
it's outperforming because SKH Highix is
one of the leaders. They control 57% of
the global high bandwidth memory market.
Uh that to me is something that everyone
cares about right now because that is
the new choke point. We're seeing that
with respect not only to the uh the huge
hyperscalers, but also when it comes to
consumer products, you have to wonder
about inflation. We're not going to get
into that, but it just really highlights
how a couple of names have driven a lot
of the gains that we see. want to break
down the index. MSEI emerging market
index. Taiwan semi is 14% of the index.
>> Samsung is 6%. SK Highex is four. So
you're talking about a quarter of the
index across three tech names. That's
what you're buying when you talk about
I'm buying EM stocks at the index level.
>> You asked a question a couple of weeks
ago. Is it a diversification regionally
or is it diversification in terms of the
uh sectors, the industrial sectors that
you're exposed to? And right now that's
a really important point because
ultimately EM might be diversifying
geographically but not when it comes to
the actual cycle that we're talking
about whether it's cycl secular or
cyclical which is semiconductors and the
AI builder
>> and it's not just good for investors and
shareholders. There's a story this
morning about how TSMC actually told
their staff that they're now going to
see a more than 30% bump in their profit
sharing payouts this year on average.
And this came up in the seauite talking
to through surveys to their employers.
What do you want to see? And it's well
this is getting quite big. We want a
little bit more piece of the pie.
>> The chip move has been phenomenal.
Equity futures this morning up by a
third of 1%. Let's get you some single
names and morning movers. Yahara has
more. Hey yra.
>> Hi John. We start with those chip
makers. Micron of course as you just
said uh soaring in the pre-market up
more than 8% after it became the latest
company to join the $1 trillion club.
And SKH Highix over in South Korea
joining it as well. And that optimism is
helping to lift the entire sector. We're
seeing other chip makers like Power
Integrations and SEC also soaring in the
pre-market. As we look ahead to Marvel
Technologies, that chip maker is
reporting after the bell. Shares are
already up 6 and a4%. A sign investors
expect to see more demand when it comes
to AI. Moving on to the earnings we've
gotten, the retail earnings we've gotten
just this hour. Starting with Bath and
Body Works, those shares up 10% in the
pre-market after the retailer known for
its candles and soaps, of course,
delivered profits that beat
expectations. Sales, however, were down
from a year ago, suggesting consumers
may be pulling back on discretionary
items and some news on in the seauite
that its CFO will be stepping down. And
we end on Dicks. A lot of anticipation
um on this name because of the World
Cup, but shares are down three and a
half%. The company saying it's spending
more to integrate Foot Locker and invest
ahead of those major events like the
World Cup. So, it's cut its fullear
earnings forecast for 2026. That
overshadowing otherwise strong sales
trends. For example, comparable sales um
at its Dick Dicks business grew 6%. John
>> Yhara, appreciate the update. Did you
want Yahara to squeeze in the Knicks?
>> She kept talking she kept talking about
World Cup. Me and Lisa are looking at
each other about NBA Finals. Also, I
went to a Knicks this weekend. Everyone
is there to buy Nick's gear.
>> Merchandise flying off the shelf.
>> Yes. For Nick's gear. Yeah. Lots of
fishing rods.
>> Is that a by recommendation?
>> Not. When she said fishing rods, I
literally lost it. I saw no one buying
fishing rods. I saw a lot of people
buying lots of Nicks jerseys.
>> Can you imagine Bremo super chill
fishing? I can see that.
>> I could see her fly fishing 100%.
Flying. I actually completely could.
Standing in the middle of a stream,
beautiful mountainous area. Jackson next
time. I mean, we should totally just
move to Wyoming, you know. See you
later.
>> Okay. Don't do that, Brema. We've missed
you.
>> No, I mean honestly though, I I actually
could really get into fly fishing. I
There's some incredible
>> Zner of Morgan Stanley. Doesn't she fly
fish? I'm sure she does. Yes, she does.
>> She does.
>> I can ask her for tips.
>> Let's stick with the retailers and not
talk about fishing. Earnings from Best
Buy, Costco, Gap all due out this week.
Investors watching for a read on how
shoppers are dealing with rising prices.
Joe Fman of the Talcy Advisory Group
writing, "Consumers continue to seek
value for everyday essentials while
selectively opting for discretionary
goods." Joe joins us now for more. Joe,
welcome back to the show. Out of all
these retailers, who's in the sweet spot
right now?
>> Well, in the sweet spot, you've got
Costco, you got Walmart. Those guys
offer the best value. They offer
groceries uh with the lowest prices, and
they have discretionary at very good
prices, and you can sort of pick and
choose as you go through the stores. So,
I still feel very good about the the big
box discounters really um at this point.
But, you know, the consumer continues to
surprise and and is hanging in as you
saw. Again, uh Dick Sporting Goods had
some pretty good numbers this morning in
terms of sales.
>> At the same time, it was disappointing
in terms of their fullear guide, Joe.
And I do wonder how much some of the uh
retailers that focus on discretionary
are ultimately at a disadvantage right
now than the uh multi-dimensional big
box stores, how much are you seeing some
of their market share cannibalized by
the likes of Costco and Walmart? Yeah,
we think that the big guys have been
taking a lot of market share just across
the board. Not necessarily from Dix. I
think Dix is clearly outperforming
within the sporting space, but other
categories you definitely see big box,
you see off prices. They're continuing
to sh put up very strong sales while
others have been under a lot more
pressure. And to your point, there's
still a lot of cost pressure out there.
The newest one is obviously fuel costs.
You know, that that really kicked up
once the war in Iran started. And we've
seen companies start to mention it.
They've tried to say, "Well, we can
offset it." But you heard Walmart, you
know, Walmart talked about absorbing
most of it in the first quarter, but
saying come second, third quarter, we're
going to have to find ways to to absorb
some of it, but some's going to have to
get passed on through inflation, uh,
through higher prices, which creates
inflation. And that's really one of the
sticking points I think where a lot of
retailers sitting today are feeling
like, well, we had a decent first
quarter, but going into the second half
of this year, how are things going to
look from an inflationary standpoint?
How's the consumer going to hold up?
>> This is a really important point, Joe,
and we did hear this from Walmart saying
that they were absorbing virtually all
of the increase that they saw in oil
prices. Does that indicate to you that
we haven't really seen a consumer that's
been tested by some of these pressures
that will make their way into other
consumer products? Or does
[clears throat] it really underscore uh
how a lot of these companies are looking
to position ahead of ongoing resilience?
I mean, is this a sign of weakness or a
sign of strength?
>> Well, from a company standpoint, you
know, you could argue it is a sign of
strength. They're managing through it
fairly well. um most of the retailers
that is but there is a lot of concern
about what's next for the consumer and
and inflation you know so far wage wages
have held up very solidly last month was
the first crack though where wage growth
did fall a little bit below inflation
we'll have to see one month doesn't make
a trend but if you do see that continue
for a couple of more months that's a bit
more concerning to us you know but the
employment picture still looks pretty
good so people do have jobs they are
getting paid and that helps to you know
continue to fund their ability to spend.
Tax refunds also supported the first
quarter earnings. We'll see how much it
is left for the second quarter uh go
forward. So again, that's why, you know,
we're all trying to read the tea leaves
and we keep seeing the numbers are
showing up pretty well, but there's a
lot of anxiety about what's to come uh
behind door number two in the second
half.
>> Joe, do you expect Costco to follow
Walmart's example and also absorb some
costs?
>> You know, I do. I think Costco uh and
Walmart, they always both claim to to be
the the last one to raise price and I
think that's that's true. Uh we continue
to see that through all of our survey
work that we do in terms of pricing and
they're always generally the best place
to buy most items at least on a per unit
or per ounce basis. And Costco has
always taken that approach where they
will do whatever they can for the member
to preserve member value and they would
absorb some of those cost pressures.
They find ways, you know, through their
managing of the expenses and the P&L to
be able to to support that.
>> Is ticket master the only place left
with pricing power, Joe. [laughter]
>> Exactly. Yeah, it may be. It may be
>> crazy. Joe, thank you, sir. Joe Falvin
there of the Tazzy Advisory Group.
Certainly feels that way, right?
>> I mean, it is the extreme extreme
example of price inflation and they take
a a slice of everything when you sell
it, when you buy it. If you do it on the
resale market, they take I think 15%
each way. I might be making that up.
I've loved living here in New York for
the last 10 years,
>> but
>> sports, the price of sports in this city
is absolutely insane. The concentration
of wealth makes it so difficult to
attend these games. Particularly when
we're talking about basketball and the
stadium's a quarter the size of say a
football stadium. So if you go to say
the UK and you live in London, you've
got multiple sports team through London
that are in the Premier League with
stadiums 4x the size. So the access to
go to watch these games far more
available to you. To go and watch
anything in New York cost you an
absolute fortune.
>> You know what is on a discount right
now? Mets tickets. You can buy Mets
tickets so cheaply. I hear about it at
home and not even giving them away. They
can't get the stadium full. I mean even
my son doesn't want to go.
>> Baseball. Baseball is the one spot I
will say that's still slightly
affordable. Like you could take a family
you take them to a baseball game.
>> Especially if you're a Mets fan.
>> That too. [laughter]
>> Especially
>> it's so terrible. Let's get you an
update on stories worldwide this morning
with your Bloomberg brief. Here's
Qualcomm striking a deal with bite dance
to supply chips for AI data centers
sources telling us here at Bloomberg.
The Tik Tok parent is set to secure
millions of chips known as the
application specific integrated [music]
circuits. Finally, in sports, as the
Knicks await their opponent for the NBA
finals, the schedule for the
championship could create some commuting
chaos on Tuesday, June 16th. Check this
out. A potential game six of the finals
would [music] take place at Madison
Square Garden just hours after a World
Cup match will be played at Metife
Stadium. Also, the US Open taking place
over at Shinik over in Southampton as
well. So, on Long Island,
>> this could be a very busy week for
sports in this city.
>> Stay away from Penn Station, of course,
unless you're going to the Knicks game
and you're going to be there cuz you're
at MSG, but wow, it is [music] going to
be oversubscribed when it comes to that
date.
>> Honestly, great for people watching. You
know, if you like people watching, this
is the place to go.
>> What? Penn Station
>> 100%.
>> Thank you, Brema. But you do you. All
right. Up, next on the program, a
hawkish pivot.
>> The case for cutting rates now is
actually very, very weak. The
credibility that monetary policy is
restrictive is really started to
diminish as economies continue to
perform well.
>> Up next, we'll catch up with Megan
Swiper at Bank of America from New York
City this morning. Good morning. You're
watching Bloomberg TV.
Equity futures [music] this morning
pushing high once again up by a quarter
of 1% on the S&P 500 on the Nasdaq up by
0.7 on the Russell up by 0.5. If you
turn to the bond market, encouraged by
this move, no doubt yields have settled
[music] down just a touch at the long
end of the curve. Down another single
basis point 10 to around 450 encouraged
by this move in crude. Brent WTI
declining once again. We're negative
across the board here. Down by 2.6% on
Brent WCI [music] down by 3.5% holding
on to $90 a barrel with very little
signs of progress in talks whatsoever.
But this market really has moved on. The
oil market too.
>> Absolutely. The market is moving on.
Even though we even have reporting now
from Arabia that's saying that there
could be, if there is a deal, in weeks
it was supposed to be days. Over the
weekend, everyone was excited. The
president was truththing a lot. Missed
his own son's wedding because of it. And
here we are once again and nothing
materially has changed. And actually on
the ground, we saw some skirmishes. So
actually [music] it got worse.
>> 3 weeks away from a Federal Reserve
decision. This is still unresolved.
Under Sylvanas this morning, a hawkish
pivot.
The case for cutting rates now is
actually very very weak. We've been
above the Fed's inflation target for
five more than 5 years and there is a
risk that inflation expectations do
finally become unanchored. The Fed is is
concerned that they're starting to lose
credibility because they haven't been
able to get inflation back down to 2%.
The credibility that monetary policy is
restrictive has really started to
diminish as the economy has continued to
perform well.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
Minneapolis Fed President Neil Qashqari
urging focus on inflation concerns as
the war in Iran increases risks. Megan
Swiber at Bank of America writing a more
doubish than expected Fed risk being
seen behind the curve creating potential
for bear state. Megan joins us now for
more. Megan, good morning. Morning. How
much can we expect from this Federal
Reserve and a new Fed share in a few
weeks time?
>> Uh you know it's such a it's such a hard
thing John and we've seen this huge
repositioning in the rates market and
I'd say you know crossmarket trades as
well really banking on the fact that we
were going to get a Fed chair that was
going to get in there with a willpower
to cut rates. Um Fed of course has this
dual mandate, the focus on inflation
countered by unemployment. But looking
at the data over the past several weeks,
a lot of that upside risk around the
unemployment rate has moderated
significantly. Um and I would say
looking at a lot of our great BFA car
data, we still see tremendous strength
in the consumer, which really has been
the engine of the US economy for years
now. Really still not showing a lot of
signs of cooling or moderating. uh a big
concern for folks given the the uptick
that we've seen in oil prices. It does
seem like fiscal is offsetting this.
>> When you speak to Adita and the team on
the economic side of things, are they
seeing pass through from energy to other
parts of the economy, price pressure
building more broadly into wages, things
like that going into summer?
>> It's it's certainly a risk um that this
lagged impact is just going to take more
time than what we're seeing in the data
right now. you know, this sweet spot of
oil settling as we've seen between $80
to $100 a barrel is really the the
tricky thing for the Fed where maybe
it's going to put some slowdown risk on
the consumer. But we're still seeing a
lot of this fiscal offset that's
supporting and I would say exacerbating
the K-shaped nature that we have of the
consumer right now where you're still
seeing upper income spectrum spending a
lot and they're actually the part of the
income cohort that's seen the most um
easing from a fiscal perspective here
too. It seems like uh most of the people
who we speak to on the stock strategy
side says that this Fed Fed will signal
that it has a more hawkish tone or at
least that it has a balance view but no
way are they going to actually hike
rates because that would potentially be
a problem for us stock investors and
then you talk to the bond investors and
they're like well you know and bar might
be pretty high but you have some members
who are going to be looking at this and
could potentially hike rates. Where are
you on that? So, we're still of the view
that the Fed is going to be in this
extended pause, but what we're hearing
from most members of the committee is
that the Fed feels that they are still
in restrictive policy stance. Now, to
John's point, what I think really will
determine whether or not the Fed thinks
that they're behind the curve on
inflation are some of these numbers on
wages. Are we beginning to see more of
an uptick in wage pressures, some
reaceleration that means that the
consumer can keep up with this uptick in
gas prices? um and really put the Fed
more firmly in the view that they're
they're too easy from a policy stance
right now. But we're not really hearing
that fully from the Fed. It's more so
the story that they're just going to
stay on hold. They're going to wait.
We're going to wait and see whether or
not there is more of this risk to the
consumer in the second half of the year
as this fiscal impulse fades. Um
extended pause to likely cuts later next
year is our view. This is such a
difficult moment and and really it was
crystallized by Torson Sloan was talking
about this note Fed fighting FOMO and
this idea that what we're seeing on
terms of semiconductor buildouts and
some of the demand and some of the
spending isn't price sensitive. It isn't
rate sensitive. If the Fed were to hike
rates and the higher rates have not
impeded at all their borrowing uh
desires. So at what point does the Fed
understand that and either raise rates
to try to cretail some of the exuberance
versus just say okay well that's dancing
to its own music let's cater to the
other side of the economy. So what
matters a lot, Lisa, is the pass through
of front-end rates to the rest of the
yield curve, right? There's not a lot of
fundamental economic activity that
happens at the very front end. It really
is about the 10-year part of the curve,
more so the impact that we're seeing
from companies that are going to have to
borrow at that rate. Mortgage holders,
um, that's really the part of the curve
that we see has the most fundamental
economic impact. And the Fed's very well
aware of this, too, in terms of how they
think about forward guidance and
messaging. Um, so what really matters
here is as the Fed is shifting and
pivoting uh guidance on on rate hikes or
you know this extended pause, what we
see that 10-year part of the curve do
and what we're worried about is that if
the Fed does credibly put hikes on the
table that more so tightens financial
[clears throat] conditions and we could
see more of a flattening nature of the
yield curve, more of that flight to
quality flow that can really cap just
how steep we can see the the US rates
curve get. Haven't they already sort of
put on the table given Governor Waller's
speech last week? I I think that they
certainly have. Everyone in the market
is really waiting to hear from Worsh.
What is his message going to be? How is
he debating this whole AI story that the
Fed has been taking different stances
and approaches on? Is he going to be
more dismissive of the inflation that
we're seeing right now? Because AI is in
theory going to be more disinflationary
over the long term. We're all really
waiting at the edge of our seats to hear
that messaging from him.
>> Megan, you alluded to this. We're in
this messy middle right now with the
situation in the Middle East. I remember
the team at Deutsche Bank, I think
earlier this week, putting out a
document, a research report on the same
thing. This messy middle, which is the
worst case for this Federal Reserve. If
you get a rocketing move in energy, I
think they know what to do with that.
>> Yeah,
>> they worry about demand destruction
further down the road, you'll get that
demand destruction from crude pushing
towards 200. If we get a resolution,
they kind of know what to do with that
as well. they can wait. But this messy
middle, this is what's catching everyone
off guard and it endures. It's prolonged
and it could go on for the next few
months into the summer.
>> It doesn't lead to demand destruction
because ultimately people can absorb it
and that is what you've seen and that's
the reason why people are saying that
this could be a stickier inflation
period despite some of the
disinflationary offsets.
>> Megan, good to see you. Always. Thanks
for being here. Thank you. Megan Swber
there of Bank of America Securities.
Three weeks away from hearing from the
man himself in that news conference. I
mentioned yesterday maybe he could keep
it short.
>> Just you know deliver a press
conference, new statement. Give me a
heart attack,
>> right? Couple of questions. Get in, get
out. Who knows? Who knows?
>> Ian Lingan had a really interesting
point about this that that potentially
be part of the strategy. Reduce the
whole Fed speak, give less signaling,
and then increase bond market volatility
potentially as a as as a result that
potentially could lead to constraining
uh some of the risk appetite. That could
be a sort of deliberate indirection or a
lack of direction. That said, it's not
like the direction that we're getting is
particularly clear from all the
different Fed members. So it's not as if
there is some sort of presiding
consensus.
>> You know what the problem would be
though? If the Fed chair chooses not to
speak, everyone else will choose to
speak. And as the Fed chair, you're
basically outsourcing forward guidance
to everyone else as you attempt to put a
lid on forward guidance. And that's what
he's going to have difficulty with. You
heard in cats, you really are. And I
think that what happened with Governor
Myron on the FOMC, and I said this to
Governor Myron directly, he energized
the Fed speak at the Federal Reserve. So
they speak even more. And they're
willing to stick their neck out and say
exactly what they think about the
situation. And you're seeing that across
not just regional Fed presidents but
board governors too.
>> He has also a real the onus is on him to
express who he is and his world view
because ultimately if he doesn't and
then he does something that's out of
consensus people will just view it as
political. So he needs to really give
the credibility to markets that he
already has with a lot of establishment
economists. At the same time there will
be questions because of some of the
discussion when he was coming.
>> We always see the market test and
[music] the communication misstep. Saw
it from President Lagard. Remember, I'm
not here to close spreads. She was there
to close
>> and pretty quickly she was there to
close spreads.
>> Yes, indeed.
>> And we've seen that across several Fed
shares, too. So, [music] I imagine it
won't be any different. Coming up,
Edardenni of Yardi Research, John Vin of
Key Bank, Burina Yuchi of Tro Price, Jim
Karen of Morgan Stanley.
>> We think there's more market return to
come. that natural rotation could
actually take money back out of US
equities and lead to some [music]
weakness.
>> Valuations do feel like they've got a
little more pressure on them. The bull
market continues but probably time for a
pause.
>> I still think there's upside.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right now.
In your scores, the price action looks
like this. adding some weight to a
record-breaking rally. Equity futures up
another 0.2% on the S&P [music] 500, up
6 on the Nasdaq, up4 on the Russell. In
the bond market, stability going into PC
data tomorrow. Yields at the front end
of the curve up just a single basis
point 10's well behaved around [music]
450 this morning and the upgrades keep
coming. The note from torso of Apollo I
think capturing the moment well. This
Federal Reserve, if it's fighting
anything, it's fighting FOMO.
>> Yeah. So, good luck. And it's FOMO in
the hyperscaler space, in the AI spend
space. And frankly, their rate policy
looks like peanuts relative to to the
demand to build out some of what will be
potentially one of the world's biggest
industrial revolutions. So, you take a
look at that, you start saying, well,
how does the real economy fit in with
the secular overlay of the tech
buildout? The Fed's going to have to
grapple with that. So are the rest of us
who are seeing these huge gains despite
all of the worries that continue in
pockets in different stocks. On that
front with the Fed having to grapple
with that. We just have a note from
Andrew [music] Hollen Horse of City and
saying research from the Fred recognizes
this suggests officials may be willing
to discount some of the strength and
core PCE. He said it's being
inappropriately magnified. The AI
related price increases [music] into PCE
inflation. That's going to be
challenging for the Fed because you can
see a spike coming from all of this
AIdriven buildout.
>> They're in a tough spot. Consumer
sentiment is rock bottom. Inflation
expectations are [music] picking up.
You're getting squeezed. And you asked
the right question in the last segment.
What does a rate hike actually achieve?
What does it achieve? Because the parts
of the economy right now that aren't
doing well, they're the parts of the
economy [music] that get hit even harder
with the rate hikes. And the parts of
the economy that are doing well off the
back of these massive booster [music]
capex that we're seeing, it's not going
to make a difference to the capex
intentions of the hyperscalers. If you
lift rates up 25 basis points to the
Federal Reserve.
>> Yeah, look, this is a conundrum for
them. At the same time, if they cut
rates, [music] they potentially unleash
even more animal spirits on the side of
some of the tech buildout, which could
potentially bleed into financial
conditions and some of the [music]
inflation expectations. They're in a
very difficult spot given the uh lack of
good well-being in some of the lower
income spaces as well as the housing
market. What they do is going to be
interesting. How much they speak about
it might be even more so. the easing
bias. I assume the easing bias gets
dropped in the statement at the Feder. I
assume it does.
>> If it doesn't, it would be crazy.
>> Let's see if it doesn't. Then in the
news conference, Kevin Walsh steps in in
three weeks time, takes over, reads that
opening statement, and then the Q&A
starts, and you start to find out where
he stands on a few things. And it's
going to be really difficult, I think,
for him to articulate his personal
[music] view at the same time as finding
a consensus on the FOMC that's still
struggling to be pieced together in the
last few weeks about the right way to
move forward. Everyone wants to hear uh
Kevin Worsh, what he stands for, what
his reaction function is, which is
[music] why I fully expect laryngitis.
>> Take the air off.
>> I do think so. I mean, look,
>> can you imagine?
>> He's sort of between a rock and a hard
place also because of the signaling. How
much of an actual [music]
uh leash? How much leash does he
actually have from the president as well
as from Scott Besson to really do
whatever.
>> What's the Fed special without a news
conference?
>> I think we've got a lot of talking.
>> It means it's an afternoon off.
>> You think it's an afternoon off? I think
you cancel the Fed special if there's no
news for that forever. I mean, I think
that
>> we should negotiate this a little bit
later after the show. Coming up on the
program, we'll catch up with Edardenni
if you had any research with stocks on a
record-breaking rally. John Vin of Key
Bank Capital Markets as Micron tops the
trillion dollar mark and Jim Karen of
Morgan Stanley, an interesting
conversation later on why it's time to
get selective with risk. We begin this
hour with stocks holding on to fresh
all-time highs. It's Ed Yardi of Yardeni
Research writing, "This year has been
all about FIMO, fabulous earnings
momentum. We are not in the bubble camp.
FOMO is based on hope and hype. FIMO is
based on fundamentals." Ed joins us now
for more. Ed, let's get into it. Knicks
are in the finals. The IPOs are coming.
It's got a 99 type feel for it. Why is
it different this time, Ed?
>> Well, I think that uh the the big
difference is earnings. uh you know
that's that's the whole concept of of
FIMO fabulous earnings momentum is all
about u the fundamentals have been
phenomenal for uh earnings we've seen
earnings not only continue to go up but
go up at a faster pace and that's what's
d driving the market up the forward PE
is actually uh stayed relatively stable
of late around 20 to 22 and I think some
people view that as being too high but
not if you believe that the economy is
resilient and is not going to have a
recession over the next few years.
>> And how stretched are the technicals and
does it matter?
>> Well, I look I I think uh it does feel a
bit like a meltup even though I believe
it's a earningsled meltup. Um as long as
the earnings uh turn out to be realistic
and there's no reason not to expect that
to be the case, then I I'm not too
worried about the um the technicals. I
mean, some people will say, of course,
that you look at some of these charts
like Micron and the other semis, it goes
straight up. And um I've been doing it
for a while. We've all been all of us
who've been doing it for a while know
that when something goes straight up,
there's a good chance that it goes
straight down. Uh look, um we are in a
in a in a sort of meltup and we could
have some correction along the way. Uh
but I think that some of that is is
wishful thinking. I mean, you only get
so many uh uh opportunities to buy in
the dip per year. Last year we had one.
This year we had one in March. Um I
don't know that we're going to get
another one um between now and the end
of the year. It's possible, but I think
the basic thrust of the market is to go
higher. You know, we've been talking
about the roaring 2020s and in that
scenario, we get to 10,000 on the S&P
500 by the end of the decade. Ed, I
think I have FOSP fear of surging prices
because as we look at all of this money
going into uh these names and the
incredible earnings, I just wonder how
much you actually get inflation start to
percolate out through the rest of the
economy. I mean, do you see that as a
likely uh a likely outcome that we have
to deal with?
>> Well, I think that uh on the
macroeconomic side, everything is going
quite well uh in terms of real GDP, real
economic activity. The labor market is
clearly showing signs of of of
improving. Uh but we have another one of
these annoying inflation spikes related
to an oil spike uh and supply chain
disruptions very similar to what we had
in 2022. What we don't have this time
around is a wage price spiral. I I don't
think we're going to get one as a result
of what's going on in the oil market and
maybe some of the other commodity
markets. But as long as uh this thing
doesn't spread into a wage price spiral,
I I think it'll dissipate. The
inflationary pressures should dissipate
over the next few months.
>> That said, Dorson's really on to
something when he starts talking about
how the Fed kind of is in a weird spot
where some of the spending is
independent of prices or Fed policy and
we're talking about sort of a formerly
financialized world becoming very
physical. All this money is getting
deployed into the buildout of this
technology. I just wonder if we are in a
more inflationary regime that bonds have
to reflect on the margins that
potentially could cretail some of the
earnings maybe not among the AI related
stocks but elsewhere.
>> Well, you're asking somebody who's
pretty biased because I I've been
promoting the idea that this is the
roaring 2020s and that whole concept is
based on the notion that uh
technological innovations will solve a a
major problem and that is a shortage of
labor particularly skilled labor. Uh so
in turn that means that productivity
should grow faster uh than in the past.
Right now productivity on a three-year
annualized basis is growing a little bit
over 2% which is around the historical
average. Uh I'm thinking it could go to
3 to 4% over the next few years. And if
that's the case that brings unit labor
cost inflation, which is hourly
compensation, wages, salaries, benefits
divided by productivity. our hourly uh
compensation uh will will will stay
fairly high at maybe 3 to 4%. But
productivity offsets that and so unit
labor cost inflation is close to zero.
Right now it's 1.2% on a year-over-year
basis. And unit labor cost is the
underlying rate of inflation in the
labor market. So that's a big big offset
to some of these other inflationary
concerns that you express. Ed, you did
mention when it comes to inflationary
concern being what is going on in the
oil price and even though it it's quite
soft this morning and you talk about
this Buzz Lightyear theory, can that
still stand if the conflict in Iran
continues until year end?
>> Yeah. Well, that's uh clearly the uh the
widespread uh widely recognized risk and
it's it's not over. uh the the oil
market um has stabilized uh somewhere
just uh around $100 a barrel and uh the
the market's actually pretty impressed
with it. I'm very impressed that we're
not at 150 to $200 a barrel and I I
think what's going on is uh in the
global oil market is it's adjusting to
the uh blockade of the straight of
Hermuz. So the Chinese I think are
getting a lot well obviously they had a
lot of strategic reserves but I think
they're getting a lot more oil from
Russia. I think India is getting a lot
more oil from Russia and those two
countries are very dependent on oil
coming out of the straight of Harmuz.
The United States is exporting even even
more oil. Venezuela is doing the same.
And oh by the way China's economy looks
like it might be much weaker than people
recognize. Uh so uh right now uh what
the market is saying uh we could be
staying here for a while but we can live
with it. Now the risk you're raising of
course is that you know once these uh
inventories uh uh the tanks of oil run
bone dry which apparently some of them
are suddenly we're going to see that oh
my god you know this thing uh is is now
there really is a fundamental shortage.
Uh but look I think uh both Iran and the
United States want a deal. um they can't
quite agree on on the terms. Uh but I I
I am assuming that there will be a deal.
But if in your case uh if in fact this
thing uh leads to another round of
shooting and uh oil prices go higher,
then we've got a different scenario at
least in the short term. Uh which is
which is not a happy one for uh the bond
market or the stock market.
>> Would that make you bearish, Ed? Is that
what it would take to turn a bull into a
bear?
Well, uh I I I don't know. I I I've
learned over the years the thing we've
all learned that geopolitical crises uh
tend to be buying opportunities and that
certainly worked out far. March turned
out to be a great buying opportunity as
we saw in April and so far in May. uh if
there's another round in shooting uh you
know we don't have too many geopolitical
uh crises uh in history uh where uh we
had shooting then there was a ceasefire
and then the shooting shooting reser
resumed uh so uh yeah it would it would
give me a pause
>> and thank you sir about it appreciate it
thank you very much still bullish
research I know I've said this a few
times but every time Ed talks about the
roaring 20s I can't believe we're six
years into it I remember the
conversation with him back in 2020 about
the roaring 20s and here we are in the
middle of of 26
>> and he nailed it. He got it completely
right about exactly what kind of feel
there would be. It is notable to me that
he said uh you know there aren't that
many dips to buy. We got one this year,
we got one last year and that's actually
a feature not a bug because everybody
knows that there aren't that many dips.
So anytime that stock markets go down at
all, this is a dip that is viable and
people are conditioned by experience to
look through the geopolitics, look
through the worries. Uh and that's what
we're seeing right now in the markets
>> conditioned to buy. Equities fading just
a little bit. We're still positive on
the session by almost two ten of 1% with
an update on stories worldwide with your
Bloomberg brief. Vonnie Quinn has more.
Hey Vonnie.
>> Hey John. Thank you. The ECB warning
that financial markets are in danger of
a sudden and significant pullback. The
central bank's vice president Luis
Duendos telling Bloomberg that risks in
the market are increasing. The main
message is that uh the geopolitical
situation [music] is getting more
complicated and perhaps that could
trigger a potential correction if
[music] the narrative and uh the the
what markets are discounting does not
materialize.
>> Dindo saying policy makers must consider
the impact of supply shocks on growth at
its June meeting.
Former US President Joe Biden is suing
the Justice Department. He's trying to
block officials from sharing audio
recordings and transcripts of interviews
he gave for a memoir project with a
conservative advocacy group and to
Republicans in Congress.
Shares of Bath and Body Works jumping in
the free market. The soap and candle
retailer reporting first quarter results
that beat Wall Street estimates and
second quarter guidance that matched.
The company also announcing its CFO will
step down effective June 12th. And that
is your Bloomberg brief. John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thank you. Appreciate it.
Where were we? FOSP. Yeah, fierce FOSP.
>> Well, I mean, if you're talking about
what is it fabulous earnings momentum?
Sure.
>> I think that the the offset to that is
FOSP.
>> Did you come up with that on the spot?
>> I did.
>> Okay. I can tell based off laughing.
>> That's how a lot of people feel. I mean,
right now in this economy,
>> it's sort of uh the FIMO versus FOSP.
>> Uh you know, sort of the fabulous
earnings momentum versus fear of surging
prices. Put them together, there's 2026.
>> Right. [music] Okay. Yeah. Lost again.
All right. Up next on the program, the
morning calls plus John Vin of Key Bank.
I've got you. I've got you.
>> Thanks.
>> He's going to join us to talk about
Micron sending membership stocks
absolutely searching. [music] A
conversation just around the corner from
New York City this morning. Good
morning.
I think as you look at the capex spend
for these hyperscalers now these
hyperscalers have to spend more money
outside of just the GPU. So you're just
seeing a massive diffusion of this capex
[music] spend into more companies that
benefit from it.
>> Frankly of HSBC brilliant a little bit
earlier on the massive rally the surge
we've seen in chip stocks. We'll get to
that in just a moment. If you're just
tuning in, welcome to the program.
adding some weight to the rally just a
little bit at the index level [music] on
the S&P 500 up by a tenth of 1% up by 6
on the NASDAQ on the Russell up by.3 in
the bond market yields just about
unchanged across the curve check it out
twos 10 30s twos up a single basis point
10's down almost the basis point at
44768 [music]
this time tomorrow we'll be counting
down to PCE data the preferred read of
inflation at the Federal Reserve we
heard from Ian Lincoln a little bit
earlier on a program from Beimo He's
really focused on [music] spending,
consumer spending, real consumer
spending. Is it keeping up with prices
given the squeeze that we're starting to
see on wages?
>> We hear [music] mixed things. On one
hand, you see the likes of Walmart
absorbing price increases to capture
share [music] and maybe potentially
consumers trading down. And then Megan
Swiber of Bank of America saying that
their card spend data showing complete
robust uh consumer demand. So, which
side of the equation is it? Wait, tune
[music] in tomorrow 8:30 a.m.
>> 8:30 Eastern time. There's the tease,
the prime exciting stuff. Let's get you
some morning calls. First up, JP Morgan
upgrading FedEx to overweight, saying
its freight business spin-off provides
an attractive riskreward. Stock is up by
close to 2%. Your second call from TD
Cow and cutting its price target on
Zcaler citing concerns about the
company's quote contracting growth
[music] outlook. That stock's getting
hammered. And finally, Barclays raising
its price target on Micron to 1175 from
675 expecting upside to pricing thanks
to an ongoing supply demand imbalance.
[music] Micron extending gains just
after joining the $1 trillion market cap
club. John Vin of Key Bank Capital
Markets has a $600 price tie on over an
overweight rating on the company. And he
writes the following. We've seen Micron
start to put in place long-term
agreements with major hyperscalers which
we see when we see a down cycle, we're
going to see limited downside risk to
earnings. John joins us now for more.
John, welcome to the program. Let's just
start with where these gains have come
from and why Wall Street seems to be
playing catch-up so aggressively. I just
read another analyst target there which
is adding $4500 to the previous price
target. What did everyone miss coming
into this year, John?
>> Yeah, I think there's a couple things. I
think Meill knew that memory was going
to be tight going into the year. But one
um you know I think the supply situation
is is getting even more tighter and you
can kind of see that with all the
long-term agreements that are being put
in place with all the hyperscalers right
there. It's part of these long-term
agreements. Uh many of these
hyperscalers are going to put up capital
upfront to secure capacity for the year
and they wouldn't be doing that if they
didn't think that this demand was real.
Secondly, uh you know, generative AI has
really been uh driving a lot of the data
center demand over the last couple years
and obviously driving a lot of demand
for memory, but you've had a second wave
of demand uh driven by uh Agentic AI,
right? In add in addition to these AI uh
data centers, you have these uh more
traditional server CPU data center
architectures that are driving and
servicing these uh agentic workloads and
that is requiring an additional uh
amount of uh memory that was unforeseen
going into the year.
>> John, as an analyst, how do you catch up
with this kind of move given the fact
that we've already gotten $300 above
your price target? I mean, how quickly
can you keep up? Will you keep up? Will
you keep chasing some of the valuations
that the market is giving to this name?
>> Yeah, that's a great question. I I would
say that what we have been very
constructive on Micron and have talked
about that the stock has gradually kind
of rerated over time. Obviously, some of
the moves that we've seen this week have
been outsiz. But there's a couple things
there. If you if you think about
valuation historically
uh memory stocks like Micron have
historically traded uh on a price to
book value basis because the cyclical
moves have been um you know pretty
pretty significant. You'll see negative
earnings in kind of a down cycle
scenario going forward. We think that
their downside to earnings is going to
be extremely limit limited. If you look
at some of these LTAs that being put in
place, uh, one of the major components
and tenants of these LTAs is there's a
floor on pricing. So, we certainly think
that going forward, the days of negative
earnings powers for for companies like
Micron are are going to be a thing of
the past. And as as a result, we think
the stocks are going to continue to
rerate. And as they start to rerate, I
think you're going to start to see
memory stocks such as Micron start
trading on a PE basis versus on a price
to book value basis. And I think that's
going to support uh continued
appreciation in the stock.
>> Reading between the lines, it sounds
like an upgrade soon uh is coming down
the line. John, I am curious though how
much this is a story for all
semiconductor producers versus just
select ones that are in the crosshairs
of some of these choke points that we've
been talking about. Are there any
semiconductor producers that don't fall
within this remitt that don't have the
same kind of beneficial sources behind
them?
Yeah, I would say if you look at the the
flip side of this um you know where the
shortages are going to be the most
pronounced are in kind of consumer end
markets um PCs and smartphones right
particularly on smartphones. If you look
at how much memory Nvidia is sourcing
for its Vera uh CPU that's coming out um
it's it's sourcing what we hear is 150
million smartphone equivalents. That's
150 million smartphones that the
market's not going to be able to build
because of this supply constraint issue.
So, you know, companies like Qualcomm, I
think, are going to be challenged going
forward because of their large uh
smartphone exposure. Even though they
are trying to make a push into AI,
>> Micron has been this darling when it
comes to both the Biden administration
and as well as the Trump administration.
We see them expanding in places like
Idaho and New York. What kind of
investment are they going to be making?
Do you think shareholders are going to
reap the benefits for that because it's
going to be much more expensive to
produce here in the United States?
>> Yeah, I mean there's going to be
significant capex investment just given
the surging demand. But I think what
you're going to see uh change going
forward given these LTAs with the major
hyperscalers is I we think a lot of
these agreements are going to include um
the hyperscalers putting upfront capital
to secure capacity. So some of this
capex spending that you're going to see
going forward is going to be provided by
Micron's customers given the important
strategic um value of memory. Now
>> John are are iPhones and our different
personal computing uh devices going to
cost a whole lot more going forward
because of the choke points that are
being experienced by hyperscalers. I
mean is this sort of the inflationary
node that we can learn to experience the
next couple of months?
>> Yeah, I think we've already seen that,
right? um you know global smartphone
markets especially Chinese Android
makers they've been forced to raise
pricing you know obviously we'll have to
see what Apple does the back half of the
year but you know there's a lot of
anticipation that they're probably going
to have to raise pricing on the upcoming
iPhone 18 and you've already seen this
um happen on the PCU front
>> John appreciate your time jump in there
of key bank Capital Markets on Micron a
massive runup in that stock and we've
said this a few times in the last 24
hours analyst struggling to keep up.
You've got an individual there well
educated on the sector, thoroughly
researching a stock who's got a price
target and overweight rating and all of
a sudden got a price target below the
price and you've still got an overweight
rating. What do you do now?
>> You reset your framing of how you
understand these stocks. And he was
talking about price to book versus price
to earnings and how you have to shift
from a cyclical to a secular type of
story with some of these semiconductors
because there will not be a dip in
demand that you typically see during one
of these cycles. Don't see a dip in
demand in the equity market, that's for
sure. Record highs coming into Wednesday
morning. Adding some weight to the
rally. Check it out on the S&P on the
NASDAQ on the Russell this morning.
Alltime highs across the board coming
into this morning's session. Adding some
weight to them. Up by a third of 1% on
the S&P by 0.8% on the Nasdaq supported
by this move in the bond market. Yields
lower across the curve. Twos 10 and 30s.
We're down by two to three basis points
on a 10-year. And with crude sliding by
5% on WTI, break crude down 4%. We'll
get into the why in just a moment.
Coming up on the program, Blurini Ruchi
of Troll Price and why the Fed's hands
are tied. Plus, we'll catch up with you.
She's got more Morning Movers. Lululemon
settling a long-term dispute with its
billionaire founder. That conversation
up next. Lulu up by close to 3% in the
pre-market.
>> [music]
>> The gains in equities picking up in the
last 15 minutes or so. We're up by 0.4%
on the S&P. The Nasdaq up by close to
1%. [music] The Russell doing well.
Small caps up by 0.8. call it 3/4 to 1%
higher in the bond market. Yields are
dropping across the curve, particularly
at the long end. We're down by [music]
two to three basis points on 10 to 445.
Check out this move in crude picking up
as well. This is where the epicenter of
the price action is this morning.
Brent's down by close to 5%. WTI is down
by 5% as well. A headline just dropping
from Iranian TV.
>> Iranian TV is saying that it obtained an
unofficial US Iranou draft. So basically
the contours and outline potentially
[music] for a deal and that is why you
see the market absolutely moving on this
especially New York crude now $88.37
below $90 a barrel. So basically the
market is looking into this. The
direction of travel the president's been
wanting to go for the past two days is
that he said a deal could be imminent.
He wants to make a good deal but it
could be very soon. And now you're
seeing the Iranian TV basically confirm
that and they have this draft. We'll
[music] have to see what the White House
says from here. This is of course a
developing story. We need to find out
more details. A lot to be determined of
the credibility of the memorandum of
understanding [music] and exactly how
feasible it is. Nonetheless, there is a
real signal in the price action in
response to [music] it, which is that
people do not want to miss out on the
upside of some sort of resolution to
this crisis. [music] That is what we're
seeing in this market. People trying to
frontr run that and using any headline
they can to do so.
>> Reinforces speculation. We're making
progress and getting closer to some kind
of deal. We'll look for verification of
just how much progress we've actually
made. [music] As we count you down to
the oven and bell about 60 minutes away,
let's get you some single names to
morning movers. Yahara has more. Hey
yara.
>> Hi John. Hard pivot to Lululemon. We are
seeing shares up nearly 3% in the
pre-market after the company struck
[music] a surprise deal with its
billionaire founder Chip Wilson ending a
massive battle that saw Wilson publicly
accused the company of losing its soul
as sales slowed. And it does appear
Wilson [music] scored a major win here.
Now, two of his nominees will be on the
board. Turning to Abberrombie and Fitch,
[music] those shares are rising 4.4% in
the pre-market after the retailer
reaffirmed its fullear outlook and
delivered a profit beat even as sales
growth showed signs of slowing. And if
that sounds familiar, it's similar to
what [music] we heard from Bath & Body
Works. Slower sales trends, but margins
holding up and investors appear to be
rewarding [music] that this morning. And
we end on Tesla. those shares are rising
2% in the pre-market and there's really
two catalysts for [music] this. First,
you have that CNBC report saying that
Musk uh has discussed merging SpaceX and
Tesla with his colleagues. Speculation
that we have heard before, but [music]
it does seem to be growing louder as the
SpaceX IPO nears. Plus, this Europe
reporting stronger demand uh for EVs as
consumers there feel the squeeze more
acutely from those higher energy [music]
costs. John
>> Yahara, thank you. Appreciate it. three
weeks today going to have a very
interesting Federal Reserve meeting.
Kevin Walsh's first week as the Fed
chair gears up as a busy slate of
commentary from policy makers gears up
as well. Minneapolis Fed President Neil
Kashgari and the Dallas Fed President
Lori Logan both warning of increasing
price pressure and pressure on the
broader economy. Bloomberg's Ender Karen
joined us now for more. Ender, what is
the push back that ultimately Kevin
Walsh has got to arrive to and confront
in the next few weeks? Well, it seems
every day, John, we get more evidence of
this vibe shift among Fed policy makers.
Like you mentioned, we had Dallas Fed
President Lori Logan last night in her
speech making the point that not only
will oil supply start to dwindle soon as
long as stays closed, the US production
facilities can't fill that gap and
that's going to hurt consumers. And then
we had Neil Kashkari, monopolist fed
president telling Reuters, he made the
point that look uh he doesn't think that
he can look through this inflation shock
this time around given inflation has
been above target for the last few
years. Another one warning of where
inflation's at. And last week of course
we had Fed Governor Chris Waller, the
great thought leader for the Fed coming
out and warning he's now at a point
where interest rates could either be a
cut or a hike. And that's the backdrop
building into uh new chairman Walsh's
first policy meeting in a few weeks. We
do of course get all important inflation
data this week. The Fed's preferred
reading on inflation, the PCE uh index
which is expected to be up around 4%
3.8%. And if that's the case, it will
just underscore how much the inflation
story has changed since pres since
chairman Walsh was nominated to his
first week in office.
>> And you can have a big fight, a scrap
over language in the statement. Maybe
you get rid of that easing bias. Just
those few words that indicate that.
Ultimately, you've also got to put some
dots down on some paper. The SCP, the
SCP's got to come together. And Ender, I
just wonder what's in it now compared to
what we might see in a few weeks. Tai,
how much change are you expecting?
>> Well, given the public commentary from
the Fed officials and given how far
inflation data has moved just in a few
months on the back of the Iran war,
John, you would have to expect there
will be a change in those projections
among Fed officials. Not necessarily
projecting an interest rate hike. that
still feels a bit away for the Fed, but
at the very least pushing out the
prospects for an interest rate cut this
year and into next year. And of course,
that makes the narrative for Chairman
Walsh all the tougher. I mean, he of
course wants he has been he came to
office partly on the back of a narrative
that there is a path to lower interest
rates. We know the White House of course
has been hammering the Fed for a path to
lower interest rates, but the reality
now probably coming out of that
statement in a few weeks will be okay,
no near-term Fed rate hikes for sure,
but you know, the prospect of a rate cut
this year has diminished greatly and
that's on the back of the inflation
story and the back of that energy supply
shock.
>> Ander, good to see you as always. Ander
Karen of Bloomberg looking ahead to
inflation data tomorrow morning and a
Federal Reserve meeting in 3 weeks time.
Linia Yuchi of Tro Price writing, "The
Fed outlook is now a fork in the road.
The most likely outcome is the Fed stays
on hold for the next 12 months. Blina
joins us now for more. Now, Blina, if
that's the most likely outlook, 12
months on hold, where's inflation and
how easy is the Federal Reserve getting
in the meantime?
>> It's a very good question. The outlook
for inflation has become much more
uncertain than it was, let's say, three
or six months ago. And I think that's
what uh is driving that fork on the road
uh language for me in the sense that we
have some structural uh things building
up in the inflation pipeline including
the AI story which you discussed with
your guests earlier in the show. We
don't know how much of that AI price
boost is actually going to feed to
consumer prices but the risks are to the
upside clearly at least in the near term
and that's the narrative that the market
uh is prepared for. We also have a story
from China where for the last two years,
China PPI has been trending lower. It's
been helping with disinflation in the
goods sector globally, not just the US.
But now we're hearing uh anecdotal
evidence from companies in China of
raising prices. Again, it's a question
how much of that does get feed through
to consumer prices, but it does present
upside risks. And then you have the
energy price shock where we're seeing
first round effects into energy
services. Um and at the pump we might
see airfares increasing again. But in
this environment where companies are
used to passing through prices to
consumers. Are we going to get second
round effects spillovers into core uh
goods and services inflation this year?
And a lot of that has to do with how
much higher is the oil curve going to be
from here. And this headline uh news on
the conflict with Iran are they going to
lead to a resolution of the conflict and
the oil for traveling freely through the
straight of Hormuz. So where is
inflation going to be over the next 12
months? I'm afraid it's very uncertain
and it does feel like a binary outcome
whether we move towards 2% or we stay at
3% or move higher. And in those
scenarios the I could see a path for the
Fed cutting interest rates. They could
start in December or January of next
year. Or I could see a path where the
Fed could actually have to hike interest
rates even sooner than the market has
currently priced.
>> There's a lot to unpack there, Blur.
Now, I'm just curious how much of the
inflationary story truly is. Oil oil
prices today, WTI down some at 6% and
just fluctuating in that level after
some headlines came out. People are
looking for this conflict to end. How
much does that relieve the bulk of the
inflationary pressures that have led to
a lot of the upside surprises?
So I would uh separate the oil story
with a core inflation pressure story
here. We have seen a big buildup in uh
energy prices because of the oil shock.
I don't think we have seen that spilling
over to core services besides airfares
yet or to core goods prices. So a
resolution of the conflict and oil
prices coming down. I think it's going
to be great news uh for headline
inflation and then it leaves a little
bit intact the progress on core
inflation that uh I had expected before
the war in the second half of the year.
So I think that oil story is really key
for the path for core inflation in the
second half but also for core inflation
expectations. The good news so far is
that when you look at diffusion indices,
the ISMS and PMIs and the regional PMIs,
we have seen a spike in input costs,
especially from energy and other raw
materials. What companies are reporting
is that they don't plan to pass through
much of that yet, maybe 20 to 30% of
those uh cost increases. And that's good
news, I think, for core inflation. But
if that dynamic were to change because
the war is lasting longer and oil prices
increase from here, I think we could be
looking at a different story.
>> Lina, always good to catch up with you.
We got to get back to that breaking
news. Blina Yurichi there of Tro Price.
If you're just joining us, welcome to
the program. So, a headline cross the
Blimber terminal about 15 minutes ago
coming from Iranian state TV saying it
obtained an unofficial US Iran MOU draft
started to move markets. We'll start
cross asset stocks, bonds, crude, and
then we'll turn to some single names.
Equities this morning on the S&P 500,
nicely elevated, near session highs, up
a third of 1% on the S&P 500, and the
NASDAQ up by 0.9. In the bond market,
yields are down across the curve,
particularly at the long end. Tens are
down by close to three basis points. 30s
are down by two. This is the move in
crude we've been talking about, down by
more than 5% on WTI. WTI with an 88
handle now. Brent crude at around 94,
call it 95. As for the single names, the
energy names in the pre-market pulling
back just a touch. I'm thinking of the
Exxons and the Chevrons of this world.
The airlines this morning higher. United
up by 2%. American Airlines up by 2% as
well. Getting some more details as we're
talking.
>> Yeah, some more meat on the bones for
this memorandum of understanding that
the Iranian state TV says they have a
hand on. One of that is that this draft
says the US will lift the naval
blockade. also the US would withdraw
from borders near Iran and that Iran and
Aman have agreed to some sort of
mechanism over the straight aka tolling
of vessels that go through. Not a ton of
this is new. And I also think what is
really important to understand, this is
only one side of the negotiation that
we're hearing all these things the US
may be willing to concede on. We need to
understand if this has any legs on what
Iran is willing to concede on.
>> We can cast on this or be skeptical
about whether this comes to fruition,
but John, you always like to say that
you learn one thing from the news and
another thing from the price action. And
I think that the price action is
speaking volumes. People want the end
because they are worried about the
asymmetric risk to the upside that they
will miss out on. How much do you end up
seeing that rotation into the rest of
the 493 names, although it isn't just
that, but the non- tech universe? If you
do get some sort of resolution to this,
this is giving you a sense of the path
of travel and just where the pent-up
demand is to move past this conflict and
buy risk assets, including those that
are more cyclally sensitive.
>> So, that's the market and how investors
might respond to this and we can see
that playing out this morning. What
about the policy maker? And I think
that's why it's somewhat more difficult.
The Federal Reserve meets in three weeks
time. We're all talking about what Kevin
Walsh is going to do, what kind of moves
he's going to try and communicate. This
is why I think in a moment like this,
you've got to provide some kind of
scenario analysis, which is kind of what
the ECB has done. Say this is one
scenario, this isn't another. One could
mean we get something restored in the
straight of MS, the other could mean we
won't. And then articulate what your
reaction function is, how you respond to
either because they can't commit to a
move in the next 6 12 months. put out an
SCP, which is ridiculous to be honest
with you. Talk about where the dots will
be 12 months out when you've got no idea
whether this is cleaned up or not. I
know what the market's going to do in
response to this, but as a policy maker,
what's the prudent course of action?
What do you want to communicate in 3
weeks time?
>> Yeah. Do you want to buy us more to
trying to be patient and to withstand
some of the former easing bias given the
fact that ultimately this was a Fed that
was believing that it was restrictive,
at least still? uh or do you cater to
the increase in inflation expectations
and say this actually prolongs the
potential inflationary shock stemming
from some of not only these oil prices
but the rest of the robustness of the
economy
>> crude this morning down 5% WTI 88 handle
breaking it 95 on Brent down by 4.5%.
Let's keep an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Vonnie Quinn has more. Hey Vonnie
>> hey John thank you. [music] President
Donald Trump will meet with his cabinet
at 11:00 a.m. this morning as talks to
end the war with Iran remain in flux.
The US attacking Iranian targets in the
straight form Monday, just days after
the president insisted his
administration had largely negotiated a
settlement with Tehran.
Goldman Sachs, the latest bank to
increase its year-end S&P 500 target.
The firm now calling for the benchmark
index to end the year at 8,000 up from
7,600. Goldman Strategist writing,
quote, "Earnings growth should drive
continued equity market upside."
In sports, [music] the Oklahoma City
Thunder defeated the San Antonio Spurs
in game five of the Western Conference
Finals to [music] take a three games to
two lead. The Thunder will look to close
out the series tomorrow and advance to
the finals against the New [music] York
Knicks. And that is your Bloomberg
brief, John.
>> Hey Vonnie, thanks for the update and
thanks for this morning. Up next on the
program, we'll set you up for the day
ahead. Plus, we'll catch up with Jim
Karen of Morgan Stanley saying
selectivity is [music] back in focus.
Right now it's just buying stocks.
That's what's in focus. Equities near
session highs. The opening bell 46
minutes away.
A little bit of inflation and even a
little bit of of higher rates. As long
as that's driven by growth and we, you
know, we're we're expecting 20% earnings
growth for the S&P 500, the equity
markets are likely to tolerate that.
We're bullish on the S&P, but we're
probably even more bullish on this rally
broadening out. Markets have tolerated
that, and Mark Hayley of UBS is not the
only one who's bullish right now. Many
people are. Equity futures are pushing
higher off the back of this. [music]
Brent crude and WTI declining by close
to 5%. and WTI crude at 88. Brent crude
with a 94 handle just about. Equities
session highs up around a quarter or a
third of 1% on the S&P 500. On the
NASDAQ up by 3/4 of 1%. Got to play the
game we've been playing over the last
two 3 months. What do we know? What
don't we know about how much progress
we're making in the Middle East?
>> Well, the fact that there is anou that's
circulating, I said, shows progress. But
at the same time, what I'm seeing here
are a lot of red headlines that just
[music] are not going to work for this
White House or other Arab partners, like
the United States is really going to
immediately lift the blockade
potentially. But what is Iran giving?
[music] What kind of concessions? We
don't see that from here. And also a
tolling system between Iran and Oman.
There is no way Abu Dhabi or Riad is
going to accept that. [music]
>> Seen these headlines before. Headlines
like this. We're waiting for progress.
You need to wait for that official
statement that actually lines up with an
official statement from the other side.
And we haven't seen much of that at all
in the last 3 months.
>> Who's trading right now? Are they
actually humans or are they bots? I
mean, seriously, this is a real
question. Is it sort of systematic
trading that sort of is keyed off of
certain [music] headlines? Are these
actual individuals who are repositioning
based on these headlines? I think the
answer will give us a sense of how
durable at least the market move [music]
is. I'm not even addressing the actual
headlines because I have no edge. I
think you're making a valid point, by
the way, and I don't dismiss it at all.
It's a valid point. Take this out. Would
stocks still be up today? Of the back of
the capex story we've seen from Bite
Dance, [music] of the back of the moves
we've seen from Micron, SK Highex, and
South Korea, these names, [music] these
rallies we've seen build up over the
last few weeks. In many ways, this
market's at all-time highs despite
what's happening in the Middle [music]
East and and not because a resolution is
on the horizon. So now the question is
just how much does this rotate to the
other parts of the economy that have
been held back by some of these [music]
higher costs or do these continue to be
the leaders despite some of the concern
that you see elsewhere?
>> Let's focus on a stock story adding some
weight to a record-breaking rally add
eyeing a fifth straight day of gains.
Jim Karen of Morgan Stanley writing this
is no longer a zerorate world.
Selectivity matters much more across
both equities and fixed income. Jim
joins us now for more. Jim, in some
ways, and forgive the snark, just feels
like just pick tech and semis and just
ride the bull. Why do you think it's a
little bit more complex than that?
>> Well, for diversification reasons and
and good morning. I've enjoyed listening
to your show. A lot of really good
information today. Um, listen, you know,
this is a very selective market. It is a
stock picker market. Whenever you're
constructing a portfolio, what you want
to have is you want to have
diversification. Why? Because you want
to have durability of returns. So, you
know, what you said, as you framed it, a
little bit snarky. You know, just pick
the semis sector and, you know, and hope
for the best. That's not entirely wrong,
but it's not a very diverse portfolio.
So, what we've really been looking for
is is a broadening of of this rally. And
we saw that we saw that in the beginning
of the year. Then we had the crisis
between the US and Iran, you know, in
the Middle East. And then that became,
you know, much more of a narrow rally as
as the semis sector has actually
performed extremely well. But we do
still think it's going to broaden out.
So the way that we think about
constructing a portfolio is having a
good balance between small cap, midcap,
and also large cap. But you can't but
you also have to have some of the tech
sector in there as well. The question
mark that we have though is what do you
do with bonds? bond performance this
year has been roughly flat to slightly
down because interest rates have
actually moved higher. So when we think
about holding bonds in a portfolio, we
think about it more from its income and
carry perspective as opposed uh as
opposed to having duration contribute to
returns. Meaning we don't want to be
relying on interest rates to move down
to generate returns in fixed income. But
you want to hold high quality shortterm
fixed income in case there is some type
of a bad event in the world and you need
that type of a hedge.
>> Well, Jim, speaking of bad events, we've
had one and it hasn't disrupted the
equity market too much. If we do get a
resolution, is that the key to the
broadening out trade? Do we need one? Do
you need prices to be lower in the
energy market to give some oxygen to
that trade that we saw start to develop
at the start of the year?
>> Yeah, that's the catalyst for us. In
other words, in order to see a true
broadening out, you need to see the cost
structure across the midcap sector and
the small cap sector, which energy is a
bigger input cost, right? So, you could
argue that the tech sector, you know,
yes, energy is going to be an input cost
there, but they but they make so much
revenue in other different streams, but
it's much more simple in many of the
small caps and in the midcap sectors of
the markets where those input costs from
higher energy. If that starts to come
down, then that's a positive. But but
but but Jonathan, what what I think is
really happening right now is if you
think of distributional risks and you
think of and you think of like the left
tail risk and the right tail risk, if
there is some calming in the Middle East
and if there is a decline in energy
prices that's durable, then effectively
what that means is that is that the
right tail events the positive aspects
of the market there are more pathways to
some having some positive outcomes and
the and the downside risks start to
diminish. So what the market's doing
right now is it's rebalancing its
portfolios to having more upside risk.
And what many people had been doing over
the past, you know, several weeks has
been moving more towards defensives.
Now, I've been on your show, I was on
your show, you know, several weeks ago,
and I was much more optimistic, and that
was at a time when equities were a lot
lower. But in and my view then was that
we would look through these events and
eventually price in these higher tail
risk probabilities. And like I always
say, John, that missing out on the
upside is like participating in the
downside. So if you want to hedge risk,
you also have to hedge the upside risk
to the markets, too. And that's the way
that we structured our portfolios.
>> And Jim, you're capturing the mood right
now. You talk about how there is a
rebalancing going on to capture the
upside rather than any fear of the
downside. I just wonder, are the
headlines that we're getting now enough,
right? Right. I mean, is there just sort
of the sense that any rumor is enough to
buy because people are so eager to get
ahead of the stampede of other people
who are doing the same thing that they
are?
>> Yeah, it's a great point. Look, I I I
don't think that the rumors and in in
the sound bites of news that we're
getting in terms of what's happening
between the US and Iran, it it's hard to
really make sense of all of it, but I
can say that directionally it's moving
in the right direction. It does seem
like we are in process of making some
type of an agreement and and getting
some stability. Now I don't think that
energy prices, oil prices are going to
go back down to the levels that they
were at the start of this year. I still
think that we are going to be in
structurally higher uh energy prices.
But the thing that we have to understand
right now and this is a very important
caveat is that we are moving into a
nominal growth world where where
earnings and nominal uh performance of
markets which usually favors equities is
going to do well which means that you
may have structurally higher interest
rates and structurally higher inflation
at the same time. But just because
interest rates are rising and
inflation's a little above target, that
doesn't necessarily mean that we're
going to everything's going to collapse
and that we're going to move into a
recession and that that all bad things
are going to happen. I just think that
we are moving into a higher nominal
growth world in which case earnings and
equities which are more of a nominal
asset class will actually perform, you
know, reasonably well. So people in many
ways are thinking about their balanced
portfolios and they're realizing that
that they want to have a little bit more
of a tilt towards equities and not just
holding as many bonds as they used to.
And that's a big shift from where we
came from.
>> Hey Jim, it's a lesson I learned from
you many many years ago. Risk cuts both
ways. Jim, thank you sir. Jim Karen
there of Morgan Stanley. And it's the
risk to the upside that people are
racing to capture.
>> Yeah. And you see that based on this
morning, the idea that this is a buying
opportunity to get ahead of everything
else. Every dip has been viable to the
degree where there's only been maybe one
in March according to Edard Denny. You
get in or you miss it.
>> Let's see if this move holds. Let's see
if this move sticks. Down 5% [music] on
crude and plenty of speculation
on progress in the Middle East. We'll
see if we're actually making some
progress tomorrow morning. Bob Dole of
[music] Crossmark, Khur of JP Morgan,
the BNY CEO, Robin Vince joins us
alongside Matt Lazetti of Deutsche Bank
from New York City. This is Blimp.